i went and saw this movie last night after being coaxed to by a few friends of mine. i'll admit that i was reluctant to see it because from what i knew of ashton kutcher he was only able to do comedy. i was wrong. kutcher played the character of jake fischer very well, and kevin costner played ben randall with such professionalism. the sign of a good movie is that it can toy with our emotions. this one did exactly that. the entire theater (which was sold out) was overcome by laughter during the first half of the movie, and were moved to tears during the second half. while exiting the theater i not only saw many women in tears, but many full grown men as well, trying desperately not to let anyone see them crying. this movie was great, and i suggest that you go see it before you judge.actor turned director bill paxton follows up his promising debut, the gothic-horror "frailty", with this family friendly sports drama about the 1913 u.s. open where a young american caddy rises from his humble background to play against his bristish idol in what was dubbed as "the greatest game ever played." i'm no fan of golf, and these scrappy underdog sports flicks are a dime a dozen (most recently done to grand effect with "miracle" and "cinderella man"), but some how this film was enthralling all the same.<br /><br />the film starts with some creative opening credits (imagine a disneyfied version of the animated opening credits of hbo's "carnivale" and "rome"), but lumbers along slowly for its first by-the-numbers hour. once the action moves to the u.s. open things pick up very well. paxton does a nice job and shows a knack for effective directorial flourishes (i loved the rain-soaked montage of the action on day two of the open) that propel the plot further or add some unexpected psychological depth to the proceedings. there's some compelling character development when the british harry vardon is haunted by images of the aristocrats in black suits and top hats who destroyed his family cottage as a child to make way for a golf course. he also does a good job of visually depicting what goes on in the players' heads under pressure. golf, a painfully boring sport, is brought vividly alive here. credit should also be given the set designers and costume department for creating an engaging period-piece atmosphere of london and boston at the beginning of the twentieth century.<br /><br />you know how this is going to end not only because it's based on a true story but also because films in this genre follow the same template over and over, but paxton puts on a better than average show and perhaps indicates more talent behind the camera than he ever had in front of it. despite the formulaic nature, this is a nice and easy film to root for that deserves to find an audience.as a recreational golfer with some knowledge of the sport's history, i was pleased with disney's sensitivity to the issues of class in golf in the early twentieth century. the movie depicted well the psychological battles that harry vardon fought within himself, from his childhood trauma of being evicted to his own inability to break that glass ceiling that prevents him from being accepted as an equal in english golf society. likewise, the young ouimet goes through his own class struggles, being a mere caddie in the eyes of the upper crust americans who scoff at his attempts to rise above his standing. <br /><br />what i loved best, however, is how this theme of class is manifested in the characters of ouimet's parents. his father is a working-class drone who sees the value of hard work but is intimidated by the upper class; his mother, however, recognizes her son's talent and desire and encourages him to pursue his dream of competing against those who think he is inferior.<br /><br />finally, the golf scenes are well photographed. although the course used in the movie was not the actual site of the historical tournament, the little liberties taken by disney do not detract from the beauty of the film. there's one little disney moment at the pool table; otherwise, the viewer does not really think disney. the ending, as in "miracle," is not some disney creation, but one that only human history could have written.i saw this film in a sneak preview, and it is delightful. the cinematography is unusually creative, the acting is good, and the story is fabulous. if this movie does not do well, it won't be because it doesn't deserve to. before this film, i didn't realize how charming shia lebouf could be. he does a marvelous, self-contained, job as the lead. there's something incredibly sweet about him, and it makes the movie even better. the other actors do a good job as well, and the film contains moments of really high suspense, more than one might expect from a movie about golf. sports movies are a dime a dozen, but this one stands out. <br /><br />this is one i'd recommend to anyone.bill paxton has taken the true story of the 1913 us golf open and made a film that is about much more than an extra-ordinary game of golf. the film also deals directly with the class tensions of the early twentieth century and touches upon the profound anti-catholic prejudices of both the british and american establishments. but at heart the film is about that perennial favourite of triumph against the odds.<br /><br />the acting is exemplary throughout. stephen dillane is excellent as usual, but the revelation of the movie is shia laboeuf who delivers a disciplined, dignified and highly sympathetic performance as a working class franco-irish kid fighting his way through the prejudices of the new england wasp establishment. for those who are only familiar with his slap-stick performances in "even stevens" this demonstration of his maturity is a delightful surprise. and josh flitter as the ten year old caddy threatens to steal every scene in which he appears.<br /><br />a old fashioned movie in the best sense of the word: fine acting, clear directing and a great story that grips to the end - the final scene an affectionate nod to casablanca is just one of the many pleasures that fill a great movie.i saw this film on september 1st, 2005 in indianapolis. i am one of the judges for the heartland film festival that screens films for their truly moving picture award. a truly moving picture "...explores the human journey by artistically expressing hope and respect for the positive values of life." heartland gave that award to this film.<br /><br />this is a story of golf in the early part of the 20th century. at that time, it was the game of upper class and rich "gentlemen", and working people could only participate by being caddies at country clubs. with this backdrop, this based-on-a-true-story unfolds with a young, working class boy who takes on the golf establishment and the greatest golfer in the world, harry vardon.<br /><br />and the story is inspirational. against all odds, francis ouimet (played by shia labeouf of "holes") gets to compete against the greatest golfers of the u.s. and great britain at the 1913 u.s. open. francis is ill-prepared, and has a child for a caddy. (the caddy is hilarious and motivational and steals every scene he appears in.) but despite these handicaps, francis displays courage, spirit, heroism, and humility at this world class event.<br /><br />and, we learn a lot about the early years of golf; for example, the use of small wooden clubs, the layout of the short holes, the manual scoreboard, the golfers swinging with pipes in their mouths, the terrible conditions of the greens and fairways, and the play not being canceled even in torrential rain.<br /><br />this film has stunning cinematography and art direction and editing. and with no big movie stars, the story is somehow more believable.<br /><br />this adds to the inventory of great sports movies in the vein of "miracle" and "remember the titans."<br /><br />fyi - there is a truly moving pictures web site where there is a listing of past winners going back 70 years.maybe i'm reading into this too much, but i wonder how much of a hand hongsheng had in developing the film. i mean, when a story is told casting the main character as himself, i would think he would be a heavy hand in writing, documenting, etc. and that would make it a little biased.<br /><br />but...his family and friends also may have had a hand in getting the actual details about hongsheng's life. i think the best view would have been told from hongsheng's family and friends' perspectives. they saw his transformation and weren't so messed up on drugs that they remember everything.<br /><br />as for hongsheng being full of himself, the consistencies of the jesus christ pose make him appear as a martyr who sacrificed his life (metaphorically, of course, he's obviously still alive as he was cast as himself) for his family's happiness. huh?<br /><br />the viewer sees him at his lowest points while still maintaining a superiority complex. he lies on the grass coming down from (during?) a high by himself and with his father, he contemplates life and has visions of dragons at his window, he celebrates his freedom on a bicycle all while outstretching his arms, his head cocked to the side.<br /><br />it's fabulous that he's off of drugs now, but he's no hero. he went from a high point in his career in acting to his most vulnerable point while on drugs to come back somewhere in the middle.<br /><br />this same device is used in ted demme's "blow" where the audience empathizes with the main character who is shown as a flawed hero.<br /><br />however, "quitting" ("zuotian") is a film that is recommended, mostly for its haunting soundtrack, superb acting, and landscapes. but, the best part is the feeling that one gets when what we presume to be the house of jia hongsheng is actually a stage setting for a play. it makes the viewer feel as if hongsheng's life was merely a play told in many difficult parts.i felt this film did have many good qualities. the cinematography was certainly different exposing the stage aspect of the set and story. the original characters as actors was certainly an achievement and i felt most played quite convincingly, of course they are playing themselves, but definitely unique. the cultural aspects may leave many disappointed as a familiarity with the chinese and oriental culture will answer a lot of questions regarding parent/child relationships and the stigma that goes with any drug use. i found the jia hongsheng story interesting. on a down note, the story is in beijing and some of the fashion and music reek of early 90s even though this was made in 2001, so it's really cheesy sometimes (the beatles crap, etc). whatever, not a top ten or twenty but if it's on the television, check it out.this movie is amazing because the fact that the real people portray themselves and their real life experience and do such a good job it's like they're almost living the past over again. jia hongsheng plays himself an actor who quit everything except music and drugs struggling with depression and searching for the meaning of life while being angry at everyone especially the people who care for him most. there's moments in the movie that will make you wanna cry because the family especially the father did such a good job. however, this movie is not for everyone. many people who suffer from depression will understand hongsheng's problem and why he does the things he does for example keep himself shut in a dark room or go for walks or bike rides by himself. others might see the movie as boring because it's just so real that its almost like a documentary. overall this movie is great and hongsheng deserved an oscar for this movie so did his dad."quitting" may be as much about exiting a pre-ordained identity as about drug withdrawal. as a rural guy coming to beijing, class and success must have struck this young artist face on as an appeal to separate from his roots and far surpass his peasant parents' acting success. troubles arise, however, when the new man is too new, when it demands too big a departure from family, history, nature, and personal identity. the ensuing splits, and confusion between the imaginary and the real and the dissonance between the ordinary and the heroic are the stuff of a gut check on the one hand or a complete escape from self on the other. hongshen slips into the latter and his long and lonely road back to self can be grim.<br /><br />but what an exceptionally convincing particularity, honesty, and sensuousness director zhang yang, and his actors, bring to this journey. no clichã©s, no stereotypes, no rigid gender roles, no requisite sex, romance or violence scenes, no requisite street language and, to boot, no assumed money to float character acts and whims. <br /><br />hongshen jia is in his mid-twenties. he's a talented actor, impressionable, vain, idealistic, and perhaps emotionally starved. the perfect recipe for his enablers. soon he's the "cool" actor, idolized by youth. "he was hot in the early nineties." "he always had to be the most fashionable." he needs extremes, and goes in for heavy metal, adopts earrings and a scarf. his acting means the arts, friends--and roles, but not the kind that offer any personal challenge or input. and his self-criticism, dulled by the immediacy of success, opens the doors to an irrational self-doubt, self-hatred-- "i didn't know how to act" "i felt like a phony"--and to readily available drugs to counter them. he says "i had to get high to do what director wanted." so, his shallow identity as an actor becomes, via drugs, an escape from identity. <br /><br />hongshen's disengagement from drugs and his false life is very gradual, intermittent--and doggedly his own. solitude, space, meditative thinking, speech refusal, replace therapy. the abstract is out. and a great deal of his change occurs outdoors---not in idealized locations but mainly on green patches under the freeways, bridges, and high-rises of beijing. the physicality is almost romantic, but is not. the bike rides to ritan park, the long spontaneous walks, the drenching sun and rain, grassy picnics, the sky patterns and kites that absorb his musing are very specific. he drifts in order to arrive, all the while picking up cues to a more real and realistic identity. "i started to open up" he says of this period in retrospect. and the contact seems to start with his lanky body which projects a kind of dancer's positioning (clumsy, graceful, humorous, telling) in a current circumstance. if mind or spirit is lacking, his legs can compel him to walk all night. <br /><br />central to his comeback is the rejection of set roles. to punctuate his end to acting and his determination to a new identity, he smashes his videos and tv, and bangs his head till bloody against his "john lennon forever" poster. he has let down his iconic anti-establishment artist---but he's the only viable guide he knows. he even imagines himself as john's son (yoko ono), and adopts his "mother mary" as an intercessor in his "hour of darkness" and "time of trouble." (the wrenching, shaking pain in the park--hallucinatory and skitzoid ordeals) "music is so much more real than acting" he says. and speaks of lennon's influence as "showing me a new way." in the mental institute, the life-saving apples (resistance, nourishment) reflect lennon's presence, as does hongshen's need to re-hang his hero's poster in his redecorated room.<br /><br />if lennon's influence is spiriting, hongshen's father's influence is grounding. although father and son are both actors and users (drugs and drink), it is fegsen's differences from his son that underwrites his change. for the father is more secure in himself: he accepts that he's chinese, a peasant in a line of peasants, a rural theater director. and he exercises control over both his habit and his emotions. it's this recognizable identity that drives hongshen to treat him like a sounding board, sometimes with anger and rage, sometimes with humor (the blue jeans, beatles) and passivity. in his most crazed, and violent exchange with his father in which he accuses him of being a liar, and a fake, he exposes more of himself than his father: "all the acts i acted before were bullshit... life is bullshit." and to hongshen's emphatic "you are not my father," he softly replies, "why can't a peasant be your father?" <br /><br />under these two teachers and with much additional help from his mother, sister, friends, inmates at the rehab inst., he makes some tangible connection to a real (not whole) self. as the long term drug effects recede, so does his old identity. indebtedness replaces pride, trust distrust. integrity banishes his black cloud. all his edges soften. "you are just a human being" he repeats endlessly after being released from the strap-down incurred for refusing medicine. back home, lard peasant soap is fine with him now. and his once "rare and true friendships" begin again as is so evident in the back to poignant back-to-back fence scene with his musician buddy. hongshen says of this movie: "it's a good chance to think about my life." and i might add, become a new actor, one bound to art and life. like lennon, he has gained success without a loss of identity.i loved this movie from beginning to end.i am a musician and i let drugs get in the way of my some of the things i used to love(skateboarding,drawing) but my friends were always there for me.music was like my rehab,life support,and my drug.it changed my life.i can totally relate to this movie and i wish there was more i could say.this movie left me speechless to be honest.i just saw it on the ifc channel.i usually hate having satellite but this was a perk of having satellite.the ifc channel shows some really great movies and without it i never would have found this movie.im not a big fan of the international films because i find that a lot of the don't do a very good job on translating lines.i mean the obvious language barrier leaves you to just believe thats what they are saying but its not that big of a deal i guess.i almost never got to see this amazing movie.good thing i stayed up for it instead of going to bed..well earlier than usual.lol.i hope you all enjoy the hell of this movie and love this movie just as much as i did.i wish i could type this all in caps but its again the rules i guess thats shouting but it would really show my excitement for the film.i give it three thumbs way up!<br /><br />this movie blew me away!i was fortunate to attend the london premier of this film. while i am not at all a fan of british drama, i did find myself deeply moved by the characters and the bad choices they made. i was in tears by the end of the film. every scene was mesmerizing. the attention to detail and the excellent acting was quite impressive.<br /><br />i would have to agree with some of the other comments here which question why all these women were throwing themselves at such a despicable character.<br /><br />*******spolier alert******** i was also hoping that dylan would have been killed by william when he had the chance! ****end spoiler*****<br /><br />keira knightley did a great job and radiate beauty and innocence from the screen, but it was sienna miller's performance that was truly oscar worthy.<br /><br />i am sure this production will be nominated for other awards.i first saw this movie on ifc. which is a great network by the way to see underground films. i watched this movie and was thinking it was going to be pure drama and a story line that doesn't hold water. but it really was a worth while watch. the main character is in such rough shape, and you hate to see him deny help, but no matter what you just can't hate him. his devotion to the beatles and john lennon is a great metaphor for his life and the helplessness he feels. <br /><br />the atmosphere of the film is also great. at times, you feel like you can see what he sees, feel what he feels in some situations. this movie does not leave you wanting to know more, or disliking a loophole in the plot. there are no loopholes (in my opinion). i have always been a fan of foreign films, especially now with movies being made so poorly in america. i really enjoy the foreign settings because i feel it can take you on a trip, and sometimes understand a different culture. this movie did all those things to me and more. please watch this movie and if you're new to foreign films, this is a great start.i must say, every time i see this movie, i am deeply touched, not only by the most painful four years of hongsheng's life, but also by how his family deals with his drug addiction. it is also true that getting addicted to anything, such as drugs, alcohol, or pornography, cannot only hurt you, but also hurt your most important people in the world: your family. since family is the #1 priority in the asian culture, it takes guts for the circle to gather together and show one person how much the family loves him/her. this is actually the first chinese movie that i actually enjoy, not for the fun of it, but the elements surrounding it (superb acting, touching story, great direction) make this movie worth watching. what stands out the most is that hongsheng and his family act out the story themselves instead of having some b-movie actor trying to imitate the real person. it shows the genuineness of the movie.my wife is a mental health therapist and we watched it from beginning to end. i am the typical man and can not stand chick flicks, but this movie is unbelievable. if you want to see what it is like for someone who is going through these type of struggles, this is the movie for you. as i watched it i found myself feeling sorry for him and others like him. <br /><br />***spoiler*** plus the fact that all the individuals in the movie including the people in the mental institution were the actual people in real life made it that more real.<br /><br />a must see for someone in the mental health profession!i saw this film at the rotterdam international film festival 2002. this seemed to be one of the less popular films on the festival, however, as it turned out, all the more interesting.<br /><br />the story, of an actor trying to come to grips with himself and his environment after withdrawing from a drug addiction, is based on actual facts. moreover, the characters playing in the film are the real people living this experience over again, this time for the film, which is partly set up as a stage play. not only do they all happen to be good actors, jia hongsheng's parents are actors in real life as well, the methods used in highlighting their relationship towards jia are very effective.<br /><br />jia hongsheng is the actor of some chinese action films late eighties start nineties. later you can see him in great films such as frozen and suzhou river. in between these two career paths jia becomes a drug addict and looses all drive to act or even do anything productive, except for making somewhat futile attempts at becoming a guitar virtuoso.<br /><br />i like the way the writer of the scenario choose to emphasize on his behavior after withdrawal more than on the horror of drugs. we really feel the pain and struggle jia is in. at the same time we hate him for the way he treats those around him.<br /><br />the film draws the viewer into a tiring pattern jia seems to be caught in, dragging with him his parents and sister who try to take care of him. because there are personal 'interviews' with the characters we feel like we are getting to know jia not only through himself but through others as well.<br /><br />the film has a heavy feel, but scenes of jia cycling through bejing and partying with his friends lighten the tone. so does the bitter humor in a lot of events throughout the film. the music is beautiful and stayed with me for a while after. this is a film that might not easily appeal to many people but for those interested in the more serious and modern chinese film this is a strong recommendation."night of the hunted" stars french porn star brigitte lahaie.in fact,many of the cast members in this slow-moving production were porn actors at the time of its frantic filming.this film is certainly different than rollin's usual lesbian vampire flicks,but it's not as memorable as for example "lips of blood" or "fascination".lahaie plays an amnesiac hitchhiker who can't remember who she is or where she came from.most of the film takes place in a modern apartment complex,where lahaie is being held by some kind of medical group that's treating a number of people with a similar condition.anyway,she escapes from the monolithic office tower where the affected people are held.on a highway outside of town,she meets a young man,who stops and picks her up."night of the hunted" offers plenty of nudity,unfortunately the pace is extremely slow.the atmosphere is horribly sad and the relationship between brigitte lahaie and another asylum inmate dominique journet is well-developed.still "night of the hunted" is too dull to be completely enjoyable.give it a look only if you are a fan of jean rollin's works.7 out of 10 and that's being kind.even if you're a fan of jean rollin's idiosyncratic body of work, you will be caught off guard by this exceptional foray into science fiction territory. for once, there's not a single diaphanously gowned vampire girl in sight ! true to tradition, the budget proved way too tight to realize the director's vision entirely. yet this is largely compensated by his obvious love of genre cinema, dedication to his craft and sheer ingenuity. jean-claude couty's atmospheric cinematography makes the most of the foreboding locations and philippe brã©jean (a/k/a "gary sandeur") contributes a startling soundtrack that fortunately doesn't resemble any of the sappy stuff he composed for hardcore.<br /><br />shot in and around a paris office block before and after working hours, the film was largely cast with porn regulars rollin was already quite familiar with from his "michel gentil" cash-gathering xxx efforts, most notably french f*ck film royalty brigitte lahaie in the demanding lead. playing elisabeth (rather well, i might add), she's picked up wandering a nearby highway one night by robert (vincent gardã¨re), driving home at the end of a long work day. barely able to piece together the string of events that got her there, elisabeth seems to lose her memories mere moments after events occur, even forgetting robert's name and heroic savior role before their night flight comes to an end at his apartment. prior to making love, she rightfully describes herself as a virgin (further credit to brigitte's thespian skills that she can handle the line so convincingly, being after all one of the more active adult actresses of the '70s) because she cannot recall a single touch preceding his. because of this nifty bit of context, the relatively long sex scene that follows totally eschews the gratuity of other "commercial" interludes rollin has had to include in other works to assure funding.<br /><br />when robert leaves for work, he's inevitably erased from elisabeth's feeble mind. a mysterious doctor (comedian bernard papineau effectively cast against type) and his menacing assistant solange (striking porn starlet rachel mhas) move in on her during her protector's absence and take her back to the place she turns out to have escaped from. here we get one of the movie's strongest scenes as she's re-introduced to her roommate catherine (the late cathã©rine greiner a/k/a hardcore performer "cathy stewart" in a quietly devastating turn), both girls desperately supplying fictitious shared "memories" for one another in a bid to outrun their inevitable fate. that deterioration is not solely limited to the mind becomes painfully clear when they are served lunch and catherine's unable to control her movements in trying to eat a spoonful of soup. it's also catherine who gets to voice the filmmaker's compromise with the demands of commerce as she urges elisabeth to get naked and hold her because sex is all they have left now that both mind and physical faculties have deserted them.<br /><br />several rather explicit - if not quite hardcore - sex scenes make up the movie's mid-section and french porn aficionados should recognize the likes of alain plumey (a/k/a "cyril val"), jacques gateau and elodie delage, along with a blink and miss bit from future porno princess marilyn jess whose rape at the hands, mouth and member of plumey was only present in the film's rarely screened xxx version filles traquees. the pivotal part of vã©ronique, a girl elisabeth almost seems to remember and whom she seeks to escape anew with, is beautifully handled by the exquisite dominique journet - in her unforgettable debut - who would go on to play a sizable supporting role in franco zeffirelli's la traviata. the six feet under ending reveals the deteriorating condition to be the result of a nuclear spill, the quarantined "patients" ultimately leaving a barely breathing empty shell, unceremoniously disposed off in a fiery furnace. the final shot offers a particularly heartbreaking variation on that of chaplin's modern times as elisabeth, approaching complete meltdown by now, and a wounded robert stumble along the railroad bridge, clumsily clasping each other's outstretched hands.i was surprised how much i enjoyed this. sure it is a bit slow moving in parts, but what else would one expect from rollin? also there is plenty of nudity, nothing wrong with that, particularly as it includes lots of the gorgeous, brigitte lahaie. there are also some spectacularly eroticised female dead, bit more dodgey, perhaps, but most effective. there is also a sci-fi like storyline with a brief explanation at the end, but i wouldn't bother too much with that. no, here we have a most interesting exploration of memory and the effect of memory loss and to just what extent one is still 'alive' without memory. my dvd sleeve mentions david cronenberg and whilst this is perhaps not quite as good as his best films, there is some similarity here, particularly with the great use of seemingly menacing architecture and the effective and creepy use of inside space. as i have tried to indicate this is by no means a rip roaring thriller, it is a captivating, nightmare like movie that makes the very most of its locations, including a stunning railway setting at the end.i went into "night of the hunted" not knowing what to expect at all. i was really impressed.<br /><br />it is essentially a mystery/thriller where this girl who can't remember anything gets 'rescued' by a guy who happens to be driving past. the two become fast friends and lovers and together, they try to figure out what is going on with her. through some vague flashbacks and grim memories, they eventually get to the bottom of it and the ending is pretty cool.<br /><br />i really liked the setting of this one: a desolate, post-modern paris is the backdrop with lots of gray skies and tall buildings. very metropolitan. groovy soundtrack and lots of nudity.<br /><br />surprising it was made in 1980; seems somewhat ahead of it's time.<br /><br />8 out of 10, kids.i have certainly not seen all of jean rollin's films, but they mostly seem to be bloody vampire naked women fests, which if you like that sort of thing is not bad, but this is a major departure and could almost be cronenberg minus the bio-mechanical nightmarish stuff. except it's in french with subtitles of course. a man driving on the road at night comes across a woman that is in her slippers and bathrobe and picks her up, while in the background yet another woman lingers, wearing nothing. as they drive along it's obvious that there is something not right about the woman, in that she forgets things almost as quickly as they happen. still though, that doesn't prevent the man from having sex with her once they return to paris & his apartment. the man leaves for work and some strangers show up at his place and take the woman away to this 'tower block', a huge apartment building referred to as the black tower, where others of her kind (for whom the 'no memory' things seems to be the least of their problems) are being held for some reason. time and events march by in the movie, which involve mostly trying to find what's going on and get out of the building for this woman, and she does manage to call robert, the guy that picked her up in the first place, to come rescue her. the revelation as to what's going on comes in the last few moments of the movie, which has a rather strange yet touching end to it. in avoiding what seemed to be his "typical" formula, rollin created, in this, what i feel is his most fascinating and disturbing film. i like this one a lot, check it out. 8 out of 10.since this cartoon was made in the old days, felix talks using cartoon bubbles and the animation style is very crude when compared to today. however, compared to its contemporaries, it's a pretty good cartoon and still holds up well. that's because despite its age, the cartoon is very creative and funny.<br /><br />felix meets a guy whose shoe business is folding because he can't sell any shoes. well, felix needs money so he can go to hollywood, so he tells the guy at the shop he'll get every shoe sold. felix spreads chewing gum all over town and soon people are stuck and leave their shoes--rushing to buy new ones from the shoe store. in gratitude, the guy gives felix $500! however, felix's owner wants to take the money and go alone, so felix figures out a way to sneak along.<br /><br />once there, felix barges into a studio and makes a bit of a nuisance of himself. along the way, he meets cartoon versions of comics ben turpin and charlie chaplin. in the end, though, through luck, felix is discovered and offered a movie contract. hurray!despite the title and unlike some other stories about love and war, this film isn't too sticky and pink, because love is as a rose: with thorns, that is. the four leading actors set their characters realistic and with a good sense and balance between the tragic and the down-to-earth. <br /><br />the music and lyrics of the cabaret/chanson-esquire songs (sung b keira knightley herself) drag the viewer deeper and deeper in the film, from one place to another, between the brutal war and amongst the peaceful love. some people may find it too much a biopic, but it ã­s mostly a romantic story, even though it consequently follows the life of dylan thomas and the triangular relationship which is steeped by joy and jealousy. <br /><br />london gets visualized from another angle for once, the bohemian life of dylan during the bombings of the germans is set in a floating atmosphere of small bedrooms, pubs and bars. the independent women, the soldier and the charismatic poet are constantly swept in both feelings of love and anger. <br /><br />maybe the end is too twisted and hangs somewhat loosely to the rest of the film, but all in all this is a great romantic story.felix in hollywood is a great film. the version i viewed was very well restored, which is sometimes a problem with these silent era animated films. it has some of hollywood's most famous stars making cameo animated appearances. a must for any silent film or animation enthusiast.a gem of a cartoon from the silent era---it was re-discovered by cartoon network, and was broadcast for likely the first time in decades, if ever.<br /><br />what makes this so enjoyable are the varied cameos...douglas fairbanks is attacked by giant mosquitos; will hays pays a visit as 'boss' of static studios; as well as appearances by chaplin, keaton, and william s. hart. the image of chewing gum decimating the shoes of the populace (a money-making idea for felix's near-bankrupt shoe-=salesman boss) cannot be described--it must be viewed. a terrific cultural gem.this short is one of the best of all time and is proof (just like most of charlie chaplin's work) that sound and color are not requirements for quality work. in fact, this cartoon uses (and may have started) some of the gags and devices that became standard in animation in later years, like caricatures of celebrities (including the afore-mentioned chaplin. while the characters are silent, they do "speak", by use of word balloons, just like in the comics. given that felix started out in newspapers as a comic strip, this device is a natural. the atmosphere and style of the short is completely harmonious with that of the comic strip while adding another dimension (literally and figuratively) and makes this short a delight to watch. well worth taking the time and effort to get. most highly recommended.felix is watching an actor rehearse his lines: "a ham, a ham! my kingdom for a ham sandwich!!!" the dramatic guy that tells felix he'll "have to sacrifice my art and go into the movies." he's in tears. felix just looks at him like he's nuts, and shrugs his shoulders. the old guy tells felix to "go ye forth" and find money to finance a trip to hollywood. felix thinks, "how does he expect me to get the money?"<br /><br />in minutes, of course (this is a cartoon), he spots a shoe business owner putting up a "bankrupt" sale on his store. felix comes up with a plan to bail him out and the man promises the cat $500 if it works.<br /><br />well, it does but the man wants to go alone and leave felix at home. in an outrageous scene, felix transforms himself into a briefcase and that's how he gets to hollywood, transforming himself back to cat when they get there.<br /><br />we then witness felix's attempts at getting into show business. his audition scenes are very funny, especially with his imitation of charlie chaplin. in addition there are caricatures of some famous silent film stars and executives. in all, quite a bit of material is in this 9.5- minute cartoon. it's amazing how much more you can get in an extra 2.5 minutes, assuming most animated shorts are seven minutes in length.<br /><br />at any rate, there were a number of laughs in here and more zany things you could only see in a cartoon, like felix have a sword duel with giant mosquitoes! crazy stuff.while i can't say whether or not larry hama ever saw any of the old cartoons, i would think that writing said cartoons, file cards, and some of the comics would count for something.<br /><br />for fans of the old cartoon, this is pretty much a continuation of the same, except with a few new characters - and a more insane cobra commander.<br /><br />we still have all the old favorites too, but on a personal note, one thing that always irritated me was this "duke in charge" stuff, when there are tons of other *officers* around instead.<br /><br />the battle sequences are similar to the old series as well; the main trick here seems to be the cgi. it's overall pretty good, if not a little over-the-top.errol flynn's roguish charm really shines through in this entertaining and exciting, but historically bankrupt biopic of the famous (and some would say infamous) general custer, that follows his career from his first day at west point, through the civil war and out west to the battle at the little big horn, all the while butting heads with rival arthur kennedy and romancing pretty olivia de havilland.<br /><br />some might say that flynn, who delivers a great, flamboyant performance as the general, is basically playing himself playing custer!<br /><br />a lavish production (that should have been in technicolor) well directed by raoul walsh, they died with their boots on features some truly well-staged battle sequences. also, it's a real treat to see anthony quinn playing crazy horse.<br /><br />the previous year, flynn played jeb stuart opposite ronald reagan's george custer in santa fe trail (also with de havilland), another action-packed warner brothers production designed to make you fail history class!warner brothers tampered considerably with american history in "big trail" director raoul walsh's first-rate western "they died with their boots on," a somewhat inaccurate but wholly exhilarating biography of cavalry officer george armstrong custer. the film chronicles custer from the moment that he arrives at west point academy until the indians massacre him at the little big horn. this is one of errol flynn's signature roles and one of raoul walsh's greatest epics. walsh and flynn teamed in quite often afterward, and "they died with their boots on" reunited olivia de havilland as flynn's romantic interest for the last time. they appeared as a couple in seven previous films. this 140-minute, black & white oater is nothing short of brilliant with dynamic action sequences, humorous romantic scenes, and stern dramatic confrontations between our hero and his adversaries. one of the notorious errors involves colonel philip sheridan who is shown as the commandant at west point before the civil war. indeed, sheridan was a lieutenant at this point. in fact, the commandant was robert e. lee as the earlier flynn film "santa fe trail" showed. another historical lapse concerns lieutenant general whitfield scott; scott was not the commander of union troops throughout the civil war. warner brothers presented custer as a drinker (probably because flynn had a reputation for drinking), but in real life custer neither drank nor smoked. nevertheless, these as well as other historical goofs do not detract from a truly splendid film.<br /><br />"they died with their boots on" opens with custer riding into west point military academy arrayed in a fancy dress uniform with an african-american carrying his luggage and tending his dogs. after the sergeant of the guard realizes that he has turned out a honor guard for a future plebe instead of a high-ranking foreign general, the sergeant turns custer over to a ranking cadet ned sharp (arthur kennedy of "city for conquest") to take charge of him. sharp plays a practical job on custer by installing him in the quarters of major romulus taipe (stanley ridges of "task force") who promptly runs custer out. naturally, the volatile custer attacks sharp in a public brawl. general phil sheridan (john litel of "the sons of katie elder") is prepared to dismiss custer from west point for conduct unbecoming. as it turns out, sheridan cannot expel custer because custer has not enrolled. once he enrolls, custer establishes a mediocre academic reputation with alacrity to fight and accumulate demerits galore. when the american civil war erupts, west point graduates cadets who have not completed their education and rushes them into combat. one of the last cadets hustled off to war is custer. avid as he is to get into the fight, custer encounters his future wife, elizabeth 'libby' bacon (olivia de havilland of "santa fe trail"), and they pledge themselves to each other, despite mr. bacon (gene lockhart of "carousel") who detests the sight of custer. it seems that bacon ran across custer at a saloon and insulted one of custer's friends and our hero reprimanded bacon.<br /><br />meanwhile, back in washington, custer desperately seeks a transfer to a regiment, but major taipe has him cooling his heels. custer befriends rotund lieutenant general winfield scott (sidney greenstreet of "the maltese falcon") and they share an appetite for creamed bermuda onions that becomes one of custer's characteristics. not only does scott see to it that taipe assigns custer to the second cavalry, but also custer appropriates taipe's horse to get to his command. during the battle of bull run, 21 july 1861, custer disobeys orders from none other than sharp, strikes his superior officer and holds a bridge so the infantry can cross it. wounded in the shoulder and sent to the hospital, custer receives a medal rather than a court-martial. when confederate general jeb stuart threatens the union army at the battle of gettysburg, in pennsylvania, scott is shocked by the chance that the south may triumph. when a brigadier general cannot be found, scott goads taipe into promoting the first available officer. a mistake is made and custer is promoted. incredulous at first, custer embraces the moment and cracks stuart's advance. after the war, custer idles down and starts boozing it up with the boys at the local saloons. sharp shows up as a crooked railroad promoter and with his father they try to enlist custer to serve as the president of their railway so that they can obtain funds. eventually, libby intercedes on his behalf with general sheridan, who was in command of the army, and gets him back on active duty as the commander of the 7th cavalry. when he takes command, custer finds the 7th cavalry a drunken lot and is not surprised that sharp commands the liquor at the fort. meanwhile, custer has his first run in with crazy horse (anthony quinn of "the guns of navarone") and takes him into custody. of course, crazy horse escapes, becomes custer's adversary, and they fight.<br /><br />once custer has quelled crazy horse and the indians, sharp with taipe as a government agent conspire to destroy a peace treaty with the sioux and other indian nations. they also see to it that custer is brought up on charges for striking taipe in a saloon brawl. on his way to washington, custer discovers the perfidy of sharp and taipe who have drummed up a gold strike in the sacred black hills. settlers rampage in and the indians hit the warpath. custer sacrifices himself and his 600 men at the little big horn in a slam-bang showdown against 6000 redskins. "stagecoach" lenser bert glennon captures both the grit and the glory. the long shot of the 7th cavalry leaving the fort at dawn is spectacular. as an added premonition of custer's imminent demise, libby faints after he leaves their quarters for the little big horn. "they died with their boots on" benefits from a top-notch max steiner score that incorporates the regimental tune "gary owen."if you keep rigid historical perspective out of it, this film is actually quite entertaining. it's got action, adventure and romance, and one of the premiere casting match-ups of the era with errol flynn and olivia de havilland in the lead roles. as evident on this board, the picture doesn't pass muster with purists who look for one hundred percent accuracy in their story telling. to get beyond that, one need only put aside the history book, and enjoy the story as if it were a work of fiction. i know, i know, that's hard to do when you consider custer's last stand at the little big horn and it's prominence in the history of post civil war america. so i guess there's an unresolved quandary with the picture, no matter how you look at it.<br /><br />there's a lot to take in here though for the picture's two hour plus run time. custer's arrival at west point is probably the first head scratcher, riding up as he does in full military regalia. the practical joke by sharp (arthur kennedy) putting him up in the major's headquarters probably should have gotten them both in trouble.<br /><br />ironically, a lot of scenes in this military film play for comedy, as in custer's first meeting with libby bacon, and subsequent encounters that include tea reader callie (hattie mcdaniel). i hadn't noticed it before in other films, but mcdaniel reminded me an awful lot of another favorite character actor of mine from the forties, mantan moreland. so much so that in one scene it looked like it might have been moreland hamming it up in a dress. with that in mind, the owl scene was a hoot too.<br /><br />as for flynn, it's interesting to note that a year earlier, he portrayed j.e.b. stuart opposite ronald reagan's depiction of general custer in "santa fe trail", both vying for the attention of none other than olivia de havilland. in that film, reagan put none of the arrogance and flamboyance into the character of custer that history remembers, while in flynn's portrayal here it's more than evident. but it doesn't come close to that of richard mulligan's take on the military hero in 1970's "little big man". let's just say that one was a bit over the top.<br /><br />the better take away the picture had for me was the manner in which custer persevered to maintain his good name and not gamble it away on a risky business venture. that and his loyalty to the men he led in battle along with the discipline he developed over the course of the story. most poignant was that final confrontation with arch rival sharp just before riding into the little big horn, in which he declared that hell or glory was entirely dependent on one's point of view. earlier, a similar remark might have given us the best insight of all into custer's character, when he stated - "you take glory with you when it's your time to go".after working on 7 movies with director mickael curtiz (the adventures of robin hood are their best achievement), errol flynn got tired of his dictatorial direction and decided to work with the great raoul walsh. this reunion is a happy thing for cinematography. the died with their boots on is their first and best film together. raoul walsh portrays the general george armstrong custer (errol flynn) from his debuts at west point, to the civil war and finally at the battle of little big horn. it's true the film shows a too heroic portrait of custer, but that's not important. what is important, is the fact that we are transported with the passion and glory carried by the characters. who can forget california joe, the great "queen's own buttler" with his song "garryowen", the touching mrs custer (olivia de havilland), the diabolic sharp well played by arthur kennedy ?<br /><br />an eternal blow remains on this epic and tragic freso.i first viewed "they died with there boots on",about 1970 and though it has been many years since,this film and its impression remain.the cast was good to excellent and the lead man was truly heroic.when i first saw this film i knew the wisest as well as the only real position to have was to enjoy this film as a rousing bit of entertainment and then some.i felt then as i even feel now that the silver screen does not as such provide for a true depiction of much of anything let alone the life of george armstrong custer,however the director raoul walsh was to contribute to the real value represented in this film when i watched a semi-documentary with other great directors like vincent mennelli wherein these central figures talked about there accomplishments with valuable comments providing a glimpse into the hollywood mind set.this is what i considered something of interest and where all of this became terribly interesting and very enjoyable.yet, there have been so much made of all the problems with the silver screen and its story telling ability that some of the enjoyment has been lost and perhaps you would find that to be true here as well.custer ranked 34 in a graduating class of...34.much has been made of custer's final class ranking,but of the 68 cadets who entered the military academy with him in 1857,half of them had already flunked out or quit by graduation day,june 24,1861.it is suggested in the movie as the various instructors are determining if a soldier is fit for command and then they come upon the name of george armstrong custer and there is to be certain an exchange between the two sides and here is where the sargeant on duty says in almost a low tone even to suggest as if that came out by accident"his squadron would follow him to hell,"your at attention sargeant,reprimands tape.if iam not mistaken when flynn shows up at a initial battlefield it acknowledged that custer did not see action right away and indeed he was doing work as a reliable attachã© to not only sheridan,but hancocks forces as well only to end up for a time with the army of the potomac under general george mcclellan.there is some truth to the audacity attributed to custers battlefield heroics as was illustrated when in a counterattack ,"young custer spurred his horse to the lead and boldly plunged in among the stunned confederates.as a lone union soldier surrounded by rebels,custers audacity shone through.he accepted the surrender of several enemy soldiers,including a rebel captain.yet most outstanding was that in this action he personally captured the very first confederate battle flag taken by the army of the potomac.this notable act of courage marked him as an officer of great battlefield promise."robert l.bateman-armchair general.there is a problem here and that is the telling of the story and the truth as to george armstrong custer,the story is good hollywood entertainment perhaps even great entertainment but for whatever reasons all that could be told was changed for entertainment purposes.though this maybe jumping the gun it might be well to know that tom custer was to lose his life at the "little big horn" only a few feet from where george custer was to die as well.they were brothers and tom custer to this very day holds a honorable distinction of being amongst a very small group perhaps only 3 others to have been awarded the medal of honor twice in his military career.the list of engagements that the motion picture shows indicate that custers indeed was an active young officer.he was not with union forces at either chancellorsville or for that matter fredericksburg however he was with them at the battle of antietam and at that point in time he was actually promoted to captain by general mcclellan but that was not to last as mcclellan was soon to be replaced due to the historical fact that the army of the potomac had the means,and the information(discovered wrapped around some cigars was general lee's plans to split his forces)and yet he failed to act for some 17 hours.it can be speculated that the war could of been over then and there had that occurred but when mcclellan failed to act president lincoln replaced him permanently and the promotion was lost as a result. custers greatest victory may of in fact come at gettysburg,pa.his forces which occupied an area called cemetery ridge at the field at gettysburg in the summer of 1863 were able to defeat a jeb stuart led cavalry of some 6,000 rebels with but a force of 2,300.i think the heroics at gettysburg by custer are worth some discussion.there is speculation had in the movie that custers appointment was a blunder, well you better guess again because not only did custer have men in his corner but he established a petition to present to the governor of the state of michigan which by the way was relatively new to the union cause and where preparing to form cavalry regiments.though custer was severely admonished for that kind of shenanigan when he showed up in all that gold braid it was not by accident as you would be led to believe.the truth be told custers defense at gettysburg prohibited jeb stuart from having lunch at the unions rear stores and vitally protected that flank.this action by the way occurred and it was timed to coincide with picketts charge so to make for the greatest likelihood of success.it was a critical victory and custer was at his bravest and best.his men did follow him to hell and lived to tell about it.i was fortunate to attend the london premier of this film. while i am not at all a fan of british drama, i did find myself deeply moved by the characters and the bad choices they made. i was in tears by the end of the film. every scene was mesmerizing. the attention to detail and the excellent acting was quite impressive.<br /><br />i would have to agree with some of the other comments here which question why all these women were throwing themselves at such a despicable character.<br /><br />*******spolier alert******** i was also hoping that dylan would have been killed by william when he had the chance! ****end spoiler*****<br /><br />keira knightley did a great job and radiate beauty and innocence from the screen, but it was sienna miller's performance that was truly oscar worthy.<br /><br />i am sure this production will be nominated for other awards.i blame "birth of a nation" myself - for commencing the long-running tradition of hollywood travesties of history, of which there can be few greater examples than this. apart from getting the names of custer and his 7th cavalry, crazy horse and the sioux and president grant spelt right, the geography correct and the fact that custer and his men were indeed wiped out to a man, the rest just takes hyperbole and invention to ludicrous limits. throw in some downright hackneyed scenes of the purest exposition, (try custer and his wife's learning of the phony "gold rush" to excuse the invasion of the sioux territory, custer's testimony in front of congress pleading the rights of the red indians and to top it all, custer's storming into the president's office to beg to return to his post), honestly there's plenty more of the same, some of these scenes almost comical in their corniness... ...and yet, and yet, it's still a great actioner with flynn as dashing as ever, dehavilland as beguiling as ever, the young anthony quinn getting a start as crazy horse and director walsh as barnstorming as ever in his depiction of crowd scenes and of course the tumultuous action sequences. ford taught us in "liberty valance" to believe the legend before the truth. here i think we're closer to the legend of the legend but hey, it's only a movie and a rollicking, wonderfully enjoyable classic hollywood movie at that!being warner brothers' second historical drama featuring civil war and battle of the little big horn, general george armstrong custer, they died with their boots on (warner brothers, 1941) was the far more accurate of the two; especially when contrasted with santa fe trail (warner brothers, 1940), which really didn't set the bar very high.<br /><br />although both pictures were starring vehicles for errol flynn, there was a change in the casting the part of general custer. whereas it was "dutch", himself, ronald reagan portraying the flamboyant, egomaniacal cavalryman in the earlier picture, with mr. flynn playing virginian and later confederate hero general, j.e.b. (or jeb) stuart; errol took on the custer part for they died with their boots on.<br /><br />once again, the warner brothers' propensity for using a large number of reliable character actors from the "warner's repertory company" are employed in giving the film a sort of authenticity, and all is really happening right before our very own eyes. major roles are taken by some better known actors and actresses, such as: elizabeth bacon/mrs. custer (co-star olivia de havilland), ned sharpe (arthur kennedy), samuel bacon (gene lockhart), chief crazy horse (anthony quinn), "californy" (charlie grapwin), major taipe (stanley ridges), general phillip sheridan (john litel), callie (the bacon's maid, hattie mcdaniel). <br /><br />the rest of the cast is just chock full of uncredited, though skilled players such as: joe sawyer, eleanor parker, minor watson, tod andrews, irving bacon, roy barcroft, lane chandler, spencer charters, frank ferguson, francis ford, william forrest, george eldridge, russell hicks, william hopper, hoppity hooper, eddie keane, fred kelsey, sam mcdaniel, patrick mcvey, frank orth, eddie parker, addison richards, ray teal, jim thorpe (all-american, himself), minerva urecal, dick wessel, gig young and many, many more.<br /><br />the film moves very quickly, particularly in the early goings; then sort of slows down out of necessity as the story moves along to the post civil war years, the assignment of custer as a colonel in the 7th cavalry and the ultimate destiny at the little big horn, in montana. under the guidance of director, griffith veteran, raoul walsh, the film hits a greatly varied array of emotions; from the very serious, exciting battle scenes and convincing historical scenes; looking as if they were matthew brady civil war photos. as with most any of mr. walsh's films, he punctuates and expedites the end of many a scene with a little humor; but not going overboard and thus risking the chance of turning the film into a comedy (farce, actually).<br /><br />as previously mentioned, this is much more factual than its predecessor, santa fe trail (last time we'll mention it, honest schultz, scout's honor!). however, that is not to say that it wasn't without a few little bits of "artistic and literary license; as indeed, just about any biopic will have. it would be impossible to make any similar type of film if indeed every fact and incident were to be tried to be included in the screenplay. perhaps the most erroneous inclusion as well as the most obvious invocation of literary license is that business about custer's being accidentally promoted to the rank of brigadier general. it just didn't happen that way, yet the "gag" both helped the film to move along; while it underscored the whole light, carefree feeling that permeated the early part of the film.<br /><br />director walsh and mr. flynn collaborated in giving us what would seem to be a characterization of this legendary civil war hero that was very close to the real life man. and they did this on top of the recreation of an incident, being the massacre by the lakota sioux, the cheyenne and the fukowi of custer and his 7th cavalry at the little big horn. at the time of its occurrence, june 25, 1876, "custer's last stand" was as big an incident and shock to the americans' national psyche as were the japanese attack on pearl harbor (december 7, 1941) or the atrocities perpetrated by the islamic fascists to new york's twin trade towers and the united states' armed forces' headquarters in the pentagon, arlington, virginia on september 11, 2002.<br /><br />just as so many films of that period of world war ii (and the years immediately before), there were so many incidents in it that were, if not intentionally done, were demonstrations of virtues that would be needed in time of another global conflict, such as we were in by the time of they died with their boots on was finishing up its original theatrical release period.<br /><br />poodle schnitz!!when one stops to recollect upon the frequent on screen teaming of errol flynn and olivia dehavilland, "they died with their boots on" (1941) is most likely the film remembered best. it is the sweeping saga of general custer (flynn) - told from the time he enters west point military academy and falls for the luscious elizabeth bacon (dehavilland), through his tenure during the american civil war, and finally with his death at little big horn. director, raoul walsh mounts his historical epic on the laurels of highly questionable recanting of historical texts, rewritten by screen writers wally kline and aeneas mackenzie, until truth and fiction are warped all out of proportion. hence, the battle against chief crazy horse (anthony quinn) is portrayed as a crooked deal between politicians - california joe (charley grapewin) and a spuriously absent corporation which wants to reclaim the land custer gave to the indians through the systematic genocide of the nation's first peoples. <br /><br />flynn, who cleverly plays custer as though he is one part arnold schwartzenegger to two parts albert schweitzer, has never been more ignoble. he literally oozes charm and sex appeal from every pore that easily melts the heart of his loyal heroine. resident warner stock players, arthur kennedy and sidney greenstreet deliver marvelous cameos that appear to have far more depth and character than is actually written into the material for them.<br /><br />overall, then, despite its loose rendering of history in favor of a good romantic yarn, "they died with their boots on" is ample film fodder for a saturday matinã©e or sunday night cooing with one's sweetheart. warner's dvd is pretty nice looking. although film grain is often obvious, the gray scale has been very nicely rendered with deep, solid blacks and very clean whites. some fading is obvious during scene transitions. the audio has been very nicely cleaned up and is presented at an adequate listening level.the historical inaccuracies of this film have been well documented. it was never intended to be serious history but an entertaining saga and there it succeeds. errol flynn was never better as this role was tailored for him. olivia dehavilland was never more beautiful. arthur kennedy never more villainous. anthony quinn never more noble than as crazy horse. it had much humor and pathos and held your interest throughout. the one historical aspect i found most glaringly inaccurate was the final "last stand" which occurred on the banks of the little big horn. the film version was filmed in a desert with no river in sight. however, i still consider it marvelous entertainment typical of hollywood's golden age.it's true that "they died with their boots on" gives a highly fictionalized account of george armstrong custer's (errol flynn) life and career, but a remarkable one, especially with regard to the battle of the little big horn. because it is not a given that a 1941 movie tries to portray both the us-american cavalryman and native american leader chief crazy horse (anthony quinn) in a favorable light. i'm almost tempted to say that "little big man" in its unqualified anti-custer stance seems unbalanced by comparison. further, one should not be mislead by the title of the picture â? this isn't just a movie about the battle of the little big horn, it's a movie about that shows the unreliable west point cadet, the famed civil war hero, the indian fighter, and, last but not least, the husband.<br /><br />the movie begins with custer's time at the west point military academy, where his recalcitrance and insubordinate behavior lead to frequent demerits. during a punitive military exercise, he meets his future wife, elizabeth bacon (olivia de havilland), who, like custer himself, is a native of monroe, michigan. custer intends to court her, but the outbreak of the civil war calls him away. custer's legendary bravery is shown in a sequence of battle scenes, the greatest of which is devoted to his engagement with legendary southern cavalry general jeb stuart during the battle of gettysburg. while on leave, he travels to monroe and courts elizabeth, who promises him her hand in matrimony. immediately after the war, custer and elizabeth bacon are married.<br /><br />with the civil war over, custer is demoted, doesn't get a real command, and has to go through the painstakingly slow process of promotion in the small, professional american army. as he starts to drink, his wife intervenes in his behalf with former general-in-chief winfield scott. custer is given the command of the us 7th cavalry, which he trains to be an elite unit. neither custer nor crazy horse are desirous of battle, but greedy businessmen and corrupt politicians decide to build a railroad through indian lands in clear violation to earlier treaties. custer explicitly acknowledges the justice of crazy horse's cause, but rides into battle to do his duty as a soldier, exposing the conspiracy of the moneyed interests in a letter he writes on the eve of battle.<br /><br />"they died with their boots on," though short on historical accuracy, is as good as war movies and westerns in the 1940s got: both custer and crazy horse are played by major actors, neither the indians nor the southern confederacy are denigrated, and the courtship scenes with beautiful livvy de havilland are just charming. the only minus, and that's why i can't give this picture a full 10, is the undercurrent of racism in the portrayal of african american servants; elizabeth's servant callie is the stereotypical, overweight, good-natured, superstitious black mammy.<br /><br />it is also interesting that the movie does not find fault with either custer or crazy horse, but with the greed of the railroad companies pressuring washington politicians with semi-criminal methods into breaking assurances they had given to the native americans. just a couple of years later, the insinuation that american entrepreneurs could even think of doing anything remotely questionable would probably have been taken as a hint that the film makers were communist sympathizers.<br /><br />needless to say that "they died with their boots on" omits the fact that custer's overly aggressive tactics often bordered on the foolhardy, greatly overstates the importance of his engagement with stuart, and doesn't mention the lack of reconnaissance prior to the battle of the little big horn. nevertheless, custer was seen as a war hero by his contemporaries and had some spectacular exploits to point to in the battles of brandy station, gettysburg, trevilian station and others, though his feats of arms were not as decisive for the civil war as "they died with their boots on" suggests.<br /><br />in any event, "they died with their boots on" is a well-made war movie with western elements, three outstanding performers (flynn, quinn, and de havilland), and offers a positive view of native americans as well as a negative one on big money, which wouldn't be seen in major hollywood productions for decades to come. it would deserve a 10 if it weren't for the racist minstrelization of african americans.the film is excellent. one of the most noteworthy things about it is that flynn's performance is superb. this is worth stressing, as he was often derided as an actor by bette davis et al.<br /><br />i remember the scene where flynn gets arthur kennedy drunk in order to take him to his doom at the battle of the little big horn. the cold, calculating look on flynn's face as he does so is extraordinary - much better than the much vaunted spencer tracy or many other stars could have done.<br /><br />the other thing to note is the excellent performance by george p. huntley jr as lt "queen's own" butler. it is baffling why he stopped making films shortly afterwards - one would have thought that he would have been set up for years after as a character actor.now this is more like it!one of the best movies i have ever seen!despite it made very well on all aspects,this movie was put down solely for not being too historically accurate.loosen up!there are tons of historical movies out there that were forgiven for not being too historically accurate and many of them do not even come close to how grand,how entertaining and how captivating this movie was!now this is what a movie ticket is all about!you will get exacty what you want from this movie's genre and all naysayers are those with the anti-flynn syndrome.this conservative rooted syndrome is very closely related to the anti-elvis,anti-ali,anti-clinton,anti-kennedy syndromes,usually caused by fear of charming individuals who have unconventional beliefs.if the viewer of this movie is open minded and has the ability to separate politics from art,you will find this movie not only one of the best classics,but also one of the best movies of all time.i rate it the second best western ever, right behind wayne's the cowboys........this movie is good for entertainment purposes, but it is not historically reliable. if you are looking for a movie and thinking to yourself `oh i want to learn more about custer's life and his last stand', do not rent `they died with their boots on'. but, if you would like to watch a movie for the enjoyment of an older western film, with a little bit of romance and just for a good story, this is a fun movie to watch.<br /><br />the story starts out with custer's (errol flynn) first day at west point. everyone loves his charming personality which allows him to get away with most everything. the movie follows his career from west point and his many battles, including his battle in the civil war. the movie ends with his last stand at little big horn. in between the battle scenes, he finds love and marriage with libby (olivia de havilland).<br /><br />errol flynn portrays the arrogant, but suave george armstrong custer well. olivia de havilland plays the cute, sweet libby very well, especially in the flirting scene that custer and libby first meet. their chemistry on screen made you believe in their romance. the acting in general was impressive, especially the comedic role ( although stereotypical) of callie played by hattie mcdaniel. her character will definitely make you laugh.<br /><br />the heroic war music brought out the excitement of the battle scenes. the beautiful costumes set the tone of the era. the script, at times, was corny, although the movie was still enjoyable to watch. the director's portrayal of custer was as a hero and history shows this is debatable. some will watch this movie and see custer as a hero. others will watch this movie and learn hate him.<br /><br />i give it a thumbs up for this 1942 western film.naturally, along with everyone else, i was primed to expect a lot of hollywood fantasy revisionism in they died with their boots on over the legend of custer. just having someone like errol flynn play custer is enough of a clue that the legend has precedence over the truth in this production. and for the most part my expectations were fulfilled (in an admittedly rousing and entertaining way).<br /><br />yet even in this obviously biased (and much criticized) retelling of the custer story, i was struck by some of the points made in this movie that, sometimes subtly but nevertheless solidly, seemed to counter the typical clichã©s of manifest destiny and unvarnished heroism usually found in westerns of the early 20th century.<br /><br />for instance, even while this film attempted to whitewash it's hero, certain scenes still suggested the more flawed and foolish character of the real-life custer: <br /><br />1) his initial entrance at the west point front gate, in which his arrogance and pompousness is a clear aspect of his character.<br /><br />2) his miserable record at west point, which seems to be attributed as much to custer's cluelessness about the demands of military service as any other factor; there are moments in the way flynn plays custer at west point where he seems downright stupid.<br /><br />3) custer's promotion to general is not only presented as a ridiculous mistake, but it plays out as slapstick comedy. i half-expected to see the marx brothers or abbott and costello wander into the scene.<br /><br />4) custer's stand against jeb stuart at gettysburg is not whitewashed as brilliant military tactical leadership, but is presented as reckless and wildly lucky.<br /><br />5) custer's drinking problem is certainly not ignored.<br /><br />and although the music and some of the ways the indians were shown in this film were certainly reinforcements of the racist stereotype of the ignorant savage, it still came as a surprise to me that the movie actually went into some detail as to why the indians were justified in attacking the whites who were moving into their land, and fairly explicitly laid the blame for the battles in the black hills squarely at the foot of the white man. in fact, no one can argue that the clear villain of the piece is not anthony quinn as sitting bull, but arthur kennedy & co. as the white devils making the false claim of gold in the black hills. sure, that part of the story is true, but i didn't expect to see it portrayed quite so unequivically in a movie like this.<br /><br />and one other thing: usually in these films it is the indians who are portrayed en masse as drunken animals seemingly incapable of the basic common sense to avoid getting falling down drunk any time they get near alcohol. in this movie, it is actually the troops of the 7th cavalry, and not the indians, who in at least two scenes are portrayed this way.<br /><br />all in all, this movie slips in some surprising moments in the midst of the hollywood bunk.as a history of custer, this insn't even close (custer dies to help the indians? i am sure the other members of the 7th cav weren't consulted in that decision.) but as a western, this is fun. flynn looks, and acts, the part of the dashing cavalier. and the "garry owen" is always nice to hear!so keira knightly is in it...so automatically we compare this film to attonement. aside rom the fact that this film is also wartime and her appearance is uncanning, these films are totally different.<br /><br />the actors work well, i think one good thing is there is no memorable person, they are a team.<br /><br />if you want a film where things happen, then id advise another as the story of this film is about human interaction and their physche's damaged by their experiences and how their lives are intertwined.<br /><br />this film have genuine interaction, perfect pause moments that make you hold your breath. no its not exciting, but it is gripping if you can empathise with these characters. at moments i wondered if this film may have been better as a theatrical play rather than a movie. we expect a lot from movies as everything is possible, and yet with theatre we allow for interaction and rely on belief.<br /><br />there are things wrong with it if your looking for a blockbuster, if you look for nothing and allow the film to take you in, move you, allow yourself to forget these stars, and not to judge them as actors but let them become people, you will truly ind yourself moved.<br /><br />go on!! give it a go!although "they died with their boots on" is not entirely historically accurate it is a very entertaining western. not only is flynn the perfect custer, the character actors are superb. besides the action portion of the movie flynn and dehavilland's love scenes are very touching and believable.(flynn and dehavilland were very fond of each other in real life). flynn was always so tormented for being not taken seriously if only he knew that there were very few actors who could play the characters he played and play them well!errol flynn at his best as robin hood of the west, fighting military red tape, confederates , indians and carpetbagger business crooks singlehanded to his great and final heroic end. not to forget the ever reliable o. de havilland as lady mary of the west. never try to link this story to the facts and the real persons, it doesn't work out. just enjoy it, because nobody ever claimed to make documentaries when raoul walsh and errol flynn co-worked.the saving grace of this film is its humour. playing up to the strengths of their star, warner brothers cast their version of general custer as a cocky, dashing, irreverent prankster with a romantic streak and an unexpected strain of idealism; it was robin hood all over again, and flynn blossomed in the role. all his best action pictures made use of his talent for mischief and comic timing, and this one was no exception.<br /><br />it also benefits from the return of former co-star olivia de havilland, despite an earlier agreement to break the partnership; the part of strong-minded libby custer is a better role than the sweet love-interest types she had grown tired of playing for the studio in flynn's later films, and after seeing the script he had specifically requested de havilland be cast so that she could do justice to the part. in this final collaboration, she piles all her considerable acting skill into what is, at heart, basically a romping adventure movie, and the screen chemistry is rekindled -- for once, she and flynn get the chance to develop their characters beyond the initial romance into an old married couple, to equally winning effect.<br /><br />the flynn/de havilland pairing and the streak of comedy are what have provided this film's durability, when most of flynn's other westerns -- held in such affection by the contemporary american public, although allegedly not by their star -- have long since been forgotten. the action scenes are fairly cursory (despite, ironically, the death of an extra in a fall during one of the filmed charges) and the villains of the piece turn out, schoolboy-fashion, to be the same people who were horrid to our hero on his very first day at west point, and thus continue to frustrate him throughout his career. it cuts down on the cast list, but it's a trifle too morally convenient.<br /><br />however, these are quibbles largely irrelevant to a film that never set out to be more than a rousing piece of entertainment. ably aided and abetted by a sterling group of supporting players (memorably including anthony quinn in an all-but-wordless role as the sioux leader), errol flynn gallops his way through the plot courtesy of his usual arsenal: charmingly sheepish looks, unexpected sweetness, mischievous twinkles, flash-point indignation, cheerful fellowship and sheer high-octane charisma. he's a reckless braggart, but you can't help but like him. and it's hard to go away without the tune of "garryowen" threading its jaunty way through your ears for many days thereafter.<br /><br />this is one of flynn's lasting hits; it also contains a surprising amount of good acting amongst the fun, and is a film worthy of being remembered.this is awesome!!! there is no partnership quite like errol, and olivia. there love is genuine! i'm 24, yet this flick is as captivating now as i'm sure it was 60 years ago. raoul walsh is an under-rated genius, his direction is so sweeping, so broad, yet so intimate. the last scene between colonel custer (flynn), and his wife (de havilland), almost brought me to tears (not easy for a 24yr old guy!!), its so heart-wrenching. there is also a deep christian message implicit here, the faith custer has in taking your glory with you, and the trust, and fidelity of his wife to the extent of letting him go, in order that he fulfils his moral duty to protect the innocent civilians from certain massacre. there is no movie that deals with these issues quite like this. a must-see for anyone who wants to look at this defining moment in american, and military history, from the inside. patriotic, for all the right reasons. i knew errol flynn was a star, and de havilland was a screen legend-this only confirms my suspicions that they are among the very greatest!george armstrong custer is known through history as an inept general who led his rgiment to their death at the battle of little big horn. "they died with their boots on," paints a different picture of general custer. in this movie he is portrayed as a flamboyant soldier whose mistakes, and misdeeds are mostly ue to his love for adventure.<br /><br />errol flynn plays george armstrong custer who we first meet as an over confident recruit at west point. custer quickily distinguishes himself from other cadets as beeing a poor student who always seems to be in trouble. somehow this never appears to bother custer and only seems to confuse him as he genuinely does not know how he gets into such predicaments. in spite of his poor standing, he eventualy graduates and becomes an officer in the united states army. through an error, custer receives a promotion in rank. before this can be corrected, he leads a union regiment into battle against the confederates. his campaign is successful and custer becomes an unlikely national hero. custer returns to his hometown, marries his sweetheart, libby who is played by olivia de havilland. libby is a very supportive understanding wife who steadfastly stays by his side and follows him into the frontier as he assumes leadership of the seventh regiment of the cavalry. custer becomes a man of honor who strives to keep peace with the native americans. to prove his intentions, he enters into a treaty with crazy horse, the leader of the sioux . when that treaty is jeopardized by a conspiracy to spread a false rumor of gold being found in the black hills, custer sacrifices his own life as well as the lives of the men under his command to prevent the slaughter of thousands of innocent settlers.<br /><br />errol flynn dominates each scene in which he appears. he successfully portrays custer as being flamboyant, arrogant, romantic and funny depending on the mood of the scene. olivia de havilland's depiction of libby bacon custer as the love of his life lets us see his tender, more gentle side. the chemistry between dehavilland and flynn, who had acted together in several other movies, is so smooth and it almost makes the viewer feel like they are playing themselves and not the parts of custer and his wife. the other actors portrayals of their characters truly enhance the performances of flynn and de havilland. anthony quinn as crazy horse, sidney greenstreet as general winfield scott , arthur kennedy as edward sharp are among the other actors whose roles have made this movie entertaining.<br /><br />the reviewer would rate this a 4 star movie. while it is not historically accurate, it is very entertaining. the movie has a little bit of everything. it has adventure, comedy and romance, so it appeals to a large variety of audiences. the casting of the characters is excellent and the actors give believable performances which makes you forget it is largely based on fiction instead of fact. the reviewer especially likes that the native americans were not shown to be the bad guys but just showed them as wanting to protect their sacred land.<br /><br />whether one views him as a gallant cavalier of the plains or a glory hunting egomaniac, debates about the life and military career of george armstrong custer continue down to the present day. they died with their boots on presents certain facts of the custer story and has taken liberty with others.<br /><br />he did in fact graduate at the bottom of his class at west point and got this overnight promotion on the battlefield to brigadier general. his record leading the michigan regiment under his command was one of brilliance.<br /><br />it was also true that his marriage to libby bacon was one of the great love matches of the 19th century. libby and george were married for 12 years until the little big horn. what's not known to today's audience is that libby survived until 1933. during that time she was the custodian of the custer legend. by dint of her own iron will and force of personality her late husband became a hero because she would not allow him to be remembered in any other way.<br /><br />i think raoul walsh and warner brothers missed a good opportunity to have the custer career told in flashback. olivia dehavilland should have been made up the way jeanette macdonald was in maytime, and be telling the story of her husband and her marriage from the point of view of nostalgia and remembrance. even then the cracks in the custer legend were appearing, but if done from libby's point of view, they could be understood and forgiven.<br /><br />sydney greenstreet gave a fine performance as general winfield scott. the only problem was that scott had nothing whatsoever to do with custer, he was retired and replaced by george b. mcclellan in late 1861 while custer was still at west point. i'm not sure they ever met. but greenstreet does a good characterization of the ponderous and powerful winfield scott. a nice mexican war story should have been what they gave greenstreet instead for his very accurate portrayal of old fuss and feathers.<br /><br />the film though is carried by one of the great romantic teams of cinema, errol flynn and olivia dehavilland. this was the last of eight films they did together. the last scene they ever did for the cameras was libby's farewell to george as he leaves to join his regiment for what will prove to be his last campaign. both their performances, olivia's especially, was a high point in their careers at warner brothers. we know through history that custer is riding to his doom, that and the fact that this was their last screen teaming give this scene such a special poignancy. if your eyes don't moisten you are made of marble. <br /><br />as history they died with their boots on leaves a lot to be desired. as western adventure that successfully mixes romance with the action, you can't beat this film at all.great historical movie, will not allow a viewer to leave once you begin to watch. view is presented differently than displayed by most school books on this subject. my only fault for this movie is it was photographed in black and white; wished it had been in color ... wow !i saw this film over christmas, and what a great film it was! it tells the story of custer (played by errol flynn) during and after his graduation from westpoint. although i've heard that the film isn't very historically accurate (hollywood never is) i still enjoyed it as i knew little of the real events anyway.<br /><br />i thought errol flynn was brilliant as custer and has since become my favourite actor! his acting alongside olivia de havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic! it brought me close to tears as he and ned sharp (arthur kennedy) rode to their deaths on little big horn.<br /><br />i had always known that errol flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and i grew up watching his films as a child. but it wasn't until i watched this film that i realised how great he actually was.<br /><br />i'll give this film 10 out of 10!!although this film changes reality to make it more heroic and entertaining, sometimes fantasy is more enjoyable than real life, and also nothing could be more real than errol flynn playing custer. this remains the best film made about custer. the music of max steiner is magnificent and also all through the film the irish song "gerry owen", which was a favourite of custer is played. the film should have more villains, because they try to concentrate all the bad guys in arthur kennedy. the relationship between flynn and de havilland flows like in no other off their films together, and director raoul walsh with his experience in outside scenes with a lot of actors is at his best.this is a wonderful film as a film - it gets an 8 out of 10. as a filmed piece of accurate history...one wishes to be more loving, but it is a 5 out of 10. and i think i am actually being very charitable.<br /><br />what was he like - that man of horse and saber who was the youngest "boy" general in the union army of the american civil war, and ended dying with all his command in the greatest military victory of the north american indian tribes? opinionated, militant, bumptious, bloody-handed, ambitious, clever, too-clever, indian-foe, indian-friend(?), and national hero. his death in 1876 was treated as a national tragedy and pushed him into a position of fame equal to washington, lincoln, jackson, and grant/lee, and sherman/jackson. it is only with a growing awareness of the mistakes made in his career - the overly ambitious hot-spur, that his reputation declined. yet to this day, george armstrong custer remains the best recalled figure in our history's military annals to lose his last battle (i can't really think of a similar one - maybe general jonathan mayhew wainwright, forced to stay with his men on the bataan death march - but wainwright survived the march and the second world war). <br /><br />custer has appeared in more films than far better generals, due to the western adventures and little big horn. pity that the details of the real career were never handled so lovingly as raoul walsh and errol flynn handled them in this film. but even in 1941 the legend was still potent. olivia de haviland portrayed libby custer, who was recently pointed out in another film review on this thread survived george until 1933, so her effective handling of the story was still in place eight years later. custer was seen as our wayward but brave knight errant, and with the shadow of world war ii looming closer we had to keep the myth and bury the truth. john ford would have fully understood this and approved it.<br /><br />so we get the view that he was a hot-spur, but he was patriotic. although almost pushed out of west point by demerits (which was true), custer was in the class of 1861, and it would have been really stupid to be picky about such a fighter that year. you see, most of the so-called military talent from west point (from robert e. lee down) was southern, and joined the confederacy. the union needed every northern "point" man they could find.<br /><br />custer's civil war career should be given closer study - he was attached to the staff of general - in - chief george b. mcclellan, and distinguished himself in the peninsula campaign and other eastern front warfare. but he was a cavalryman - and he would rise under the watchful eyes of grant and sherman's buddy phil sheridan in the latter parts of the war. in particular he served with dash and distinction at the battle of cedar creek, which ended the threat of the confederacy in the shenandoah valley. it also hit custer hard on a personal level (his close west point friend, stephen ramseur, joined the confederacy and rose to a position like custer - mortally wounded, custer sat with ramseur all through the latter's last night alive).<br /><br />following the war things fell apart. he wanted to make his brevet - major generalship permanent (it wasn't, as it was a battlefield promotion). they only had a lt. colonelship to give him in the shrunken army along the frontier. he tried to play politics, making the error of supporting president andrew johnson on a political trip in 1866, and finding most northerners hated johnson as an inept idiot. he supposedly admired the indians (he certainly was eloquent in writing of them and the west), but he caused a genuine military massacre in 1868 of indian women and children that ended with a court martial. later, during the 1870s he would support indian claims against a ring of politicians (that went up to the secretary of war, william belknap) who bought and sold indian trading posts for profit. it ruined belknap, and left a black eye on the grant administration. it put him into the doghouse with grant and sherman (who was belknap's former commander), and sheridan barely saved his career. then he was sent on the final big horn campaign. and immortality arrived.<br /><br />that career is worth a real film, but would it be too critical? should we hold a man of the 1850s - 1876 to the standards of 2007? would we like that done to us in a hundred years? certainly it could happen, but i'm not sure we'd like it.<br /><br />custer (1941 style) fit flynn like a glove, with his giving the closest to a "dance" performance in any of his major films. his final movie with olivia de haviland is underlined with a melancholy due to the fate of the hero's character. in support actors like sidney greenstreet, stanley ridges, arthur kennedy and anthony quinn did very nicely as friends, foes, or even treacherous sneaks (kennedy). as an entertaining piece of myth making it remains high - but as a study of a complex military hero it is not what it should be.can you capture the moment? when first you hear rain on a roof? some things are beyond the sum of their parts, expressing the poetry of life. the things that matter.<br /><br />poet dylan thomas captured the seemingly inexpressible "a good poem helps to . . . extend everyone's knowledge, of himself and the world around him." (bob dylan named himself after him). so why has it taken so long to make a film of the great dylan thomas? a simple biopic could have missed the point. writer sharman macdonald has taken a different, better approach.<br /><br />in the edge of love, she creates the world of passions and complexities that fill the poems so we can swim in them. the lives of four friends. dylan, who lusts and loves to the full. wife caitlin (sienna miller), his feisty support. war-hero william (cillian murphy), who saves him from a street brawl. and then there's his childhood sweetheart. vera. dear vera. take your breath away vera. she's caitlin's closest friend. william's wife. and, like a muse, the 'star' in dylan's dark sky.<br /><br />it all kicks off in the 1940 london blitz, with bomb shelters in the underground. enter vera (an impressive keira knightley) under makeshift stage spotlights. she meets dylan for the first time again in years, her heart is flushed. their eyes shine through the smoke of the room. the purity of their former passion. dylan (native welsh-speaker, matthew rhys) is no sanctified, sanitised poet. master of his vices he must experience them all fully. he introduces his beloved wife then continues to woo vera.<br /><br />the edge of love is a visual treat. the soundtrack leaves you wanting for more. performances are possibly the best by these actors in their careers. as a lush love story it's pretty good. as an insight into dylan thomas and the reality of poetry in all our lives, not bad at all. and as a tribute to a great man, inspiring.<br /><br />the production has been at pains to project the spirit of dylan thomas without compromising historical accuracy too much. dramatic tension involves a pull between artistic freedom and conventional morality. audiences looking for an experience based on the latter may be disappointed. and it will play less well to audiences whose boundaries are those of albert square.<br /><br />sharman macdonald seemed aware of the headstrong nature of artistic freedom and its limits when she spoke to producer rebekah gilbertson (granddaughter of the real william and vera). "think of all the things that you don't want me to write about," she said," because i have to have carte blanche." for macdonald, the limits were if she should cause offence to dylan's memory. but for many artists, especially men, the limits are those which wife and family could set on them. a woman is not going to let lofty ideals interfere with practical common sense issues, and will even put her children's interests before her own (this occasionally happens the other way round, as when towering genius virginia woolf refused to let loving leonard bring her down to earth - in the hours).<br /><br />in spite of the tension between caitlin and vera, these two women become closest buddies. it is one of the main (and very beautiful) themes of the film.<br /><br />the film's colours tell a story in themselves. in a drab, wartime britain, caitlin and vera are vivid highlights in an ocean of grey. shortly after meeting vera's lit-up-in-lights stage persona, we encounter caitlin through her searing blue eyes, sparkling in a darkened railway carriage. her dramatic red coat cuts a dash through streets of colourless homogeneity, triumphing on a beautiful staircase as she reunites with dylan. but vera's lipstick red brightness is less enduring. for her, marriage is second-best, even when she has become possessed with genuine love for her husband.<br /><br />outstanding cinematography extends to using montage to juxtapose images, in a manner similar to poetry's juxtaposition of unrelated words to create further meaning. horrific war scenes in thessaly are intercut with screams of vera in pregnancy. giving birth or is it abortion? we are not told immediately. pain is universal and goes beyond time and place to our present day.<br /><br />constant echoes of dylan's poetry throughout the film lead us beyond earthly opposites. it reminds me of marlon brando reading ts eliot in apocalypse now. a light beyond the horrors of the world. a different way of seeing things. "i'll take you back to a time when no bombs fell from the sky and no-one died â? ever," says dylan to vera as they walk along the beach. elsewhere, caitlin recalls childhood with vera: "we're still innocent in dylan," she says.<br /><br />there's a time to leave your knickers at home or share a universal cigarette. (not literally, perhaps.) a time to be inspired. enjoy what is possibly the best british film of the year.the custer legend, a la warner brothers epic. there's no casting against type here, with the flamboyant flynn as the flamboyant custer in this rousing tribute, not only to custer, but to the men of the 7th cavalry. the story traces the life of the famed 'boy general" from his turbulent days at west point to his final fight at the little big horn. great liberties are taken with facts here, and we are presented with a custer that is much more sympathetic to the plight of the redman than history relates. but this one is done on such a grand scale, the battle scenes alone provided employment for every extra in hollywood. down beat ending and all, this is great fun!all in all, an excellent movie from that time and source (coming from warner brothers as it was peaking in craftsmanship and style just before wwii), provided you don't take it at all seriously. the movie really makes no claim to being historically accurate, and is certainly no more or less accurate or believable than say, jfk. (this one may actually be more honest about it, though, as it essentially admits along the way that it's not to be taken as particularly fact-based, but more of a stylishly semi-heroic portrayal.) it's worth noting that audiences of the time were no more naive about the story than we are today; the ny times review conceded that audiences would "dismiss factual inaccuracies sprinkled throughout the film," described the biographical account of custer's life as "fanciful," and pointed out that the presentation of custer's motivations regarding the final events were at odds with various historical accounts. they could have really gone overboard in building up custer, one supposes, but they succeed admirably in depicting him as not necessarily the sharpest or most diligent guy around, but appropriately determined, principled and inspirational.<br /><br />flynn and dehavilland, doing their 8th movie together in 7 years (and their last), are so comfortable together, and play off each other so easily at this point, that it's not too difficult to overlook how thinly their courtship is written here. with a first-time pairing, it would be hard to imagine what could really draw elizabeth to custer, but these two make it work. the movie is also missing their director from their previous seven films together (the greatly underrated michael curtiz), but given that he had worked with them on the previous year's similar-themed santa fe trail, it's understandable if he chose to opt out of this one. (they all started together with captain blood and the charge of the light brigade - both terrific - so we can't really blame them if they started having a tough time keeping it all fresh.)<br /><br />raoul walsh, the director here, is certainly more comfortable with the action sequences - which are outstanding - and everything else outdoors. the interior scenes are a little more uneven, but the studio craftsmen succeed in compensating for that very well, as does warner bros' outstanding cast of "usual suspects" and new faces (greenstreet, gene lockhart, anthony quinn, arthur kennedy, etc). i would have liked it better if kennedy's character had been a bit less standard (i generally like his work), but here he seems to be hitting roughly the same notes in every scene; the part could have been better written - and i suppose they might have been unsure of what he could handle, as he'd only been in films for one year (walsh probably took him for this after doing high sierra together).<br /><br />various highlights include the depiction (probably imagined) of the genesis of "garryowen" as the cavalry theme. the last half hour is particularly outstanding, especially with the parting of the leads echoing the end of their screen partnership, followed by the final battle scenes. a thoroughly rousing adventure.<br /><br />8 of 10dashing errol flynn brings his usual flair for drama in this historically flawed but entertaining film of the life of george armstrong custer. the dashing, jovial flynn essays custer from his days at west point as a reckless, headstrong cadet, through the civil war years in an extraordinarily generous and partisan interpretation of history, and finally as the nonpareil indian fighter whose blunder at the little big horn is excused as a sacrifice by custer of his command as a way of exposing the corruption of government officials and post traders as well as a protest of the unfair treatment of the plains indians. olivia de havilland, flynn's co-star in several other films, scores as the devoted, adoring libby bacon, and anthony quinn looks the part as the fierce sioux chief crazy horse. the film's battle scenes are excellent. the civil war battles are brief and are shown as several vignettes in which custer, seemingly supported by just a handful of troopers, hammers the confederate army into submission. custer's last fight against the indians is a grand spectacle, a savage clash between red men and white, with no quarter given in a wild mix of military might between determined fighting men. great direction, cinematography, casting and wonderful music by max steiner make this film a hollywood classic.i had seen this movie as a kid and loved it. i loved how spunky and full of energy nikki is, and how she mostly ruins louden's perfect yuppie life and corrupts him and turns him on to her crazy ways. as a kid in the 80's i saw new york exactly the way it was portrayed in this movie, the domain of madonna's character, with wild animals running rampant and hideous bald men chasing people around and causing havoc. now as an adult i find i love the movie for the same reasons, and even more so for the love story woven into the crazy antics of ms. nikki finn. although i would still love to go anywhere and find an indoor atrium like in this movie. pure beauty and genius.nicole finn (madonna) is just being released from prison. although she is ordered to go by bus to philadelphia, she wants to stick around the place she was arrested. this is because she claims she has information that would clear her record. louden (griffin dunne) is assigned to escort her to the bus by his future father in law. louden will be driving around the city anyway (in his future mother in law's rolls royce), picking up the wedding ring and a rare big, big cat for an eccentric collector. nicki, however, starts the ensuing mayhem as soon as she jumps in the rolls to take over the driving. between big cats, taxi drivers, hit men, bridesmaids, and a wedding cake with guns, lawyer louden knows he's not in kansas anymore. is there a way out of the madness? this film is a wild trip down comedy avenue. madonna and dunneare perfect foils to each other, making their connection uproarious, as they play out their roles as an ex-con and an uptight, button-down lawyer, respectively. the script is laudable in it's ability to send the viewer into fits of hysteria as one implausible scene gives way to the next one, and the next. everything secondary, from the supporting actors to the scenery to the costumes, are also quite nice. if you know someone who is in need of a jolt of joy, rent this movie for them. you will both be cheerio pronto.i have to rate this movie at a 10. i'm sorry but i think it's classic comedy. then, if you're rating it to other madonna movies...well, what? you wanna tell me it wasn't her best movie ever? didn't mira sorvino win an oscar for almost the same performance not ten years later? please, this movie deserves much more credit than it gets. plus, i like to think of it as an a+ sociological study into the lifestyles of the 80's. remember when you could shoplift from sam goody and cartier in the same day? remember when women wore bushy eyebrows proudly? so it was no "last emperor", it was still good. there are certain movies i'd be willing to watch everyday. three, actually, that pep up my day and make me smile. if you like "who's that girl?" then i'd also recommend "party girl" and "romy and michelle's high school reunion".i haven't been a fan of madonna for quite sometime now, however, i thought i would comment on this film.<br /><br />this film mistaken. one of them, as well as madonna, was panned by the critics. they were highly mistaken and many potential viewers were turned off by the bad reviews.<br /><br />first, madonna does an excellent job in this movie which was one of her first. she plays a ditsy blonde in the film, she is far from a ditsy blonde in real life. most critics were somewhat prejudiced by her singing fame and didn't give her a fair shake. when you view this film i hope that you understand that the accent and the goofiness is just acting. she was absolutely hysterical as was the film.<br /><br />griffen dunne is another person who was not given a fair review in the film. if you take a look at his filmography, you will see he is quite an accomplished actor.<br /><br />as far as the movie itself, this is something similar to pretty woman, but came 3 years before the roberts, gere success. it's a goof-ball comedy with lots of site gags, slapstick and one liners. some of the comedy is deadpan and takes a comedy aficionado to really appreciate the more subtle humor.<br /><br />i know this doesn't tell you much about the movie, however, i hope this helps dispel any belief that this is a poor movie. it is absolutely worth renting for an enjoyable night of great fun.<br /><br />peace.<br /><br />garynikki finn is the kind of girl i would marry. never boring, always thinking positively, good with animals. okay, as one reviewer wrote, a bit too much peroxide, lipstick, and eyebrows (only madonna could get away with that). but that's why i love nikki finn, she's not your ordinary girl. she makes things happen, always exciting to be around, and always honest. sure, she steals, but she doesn't rob or murder (unless you're out to do her in). she knows which rules can be broken and which ones should be obeyed. she knows what to take and what can't be stolen. if you need a favor from her, she's in 100%. bottom line: she knows how to enjoy life. nikki is always loving (which is why she has a way with wild animals), and completely dedicated to those she loves, and who love her.<br /><br />who's that girl? she's the girl for me.when i see a movie, i usually seek entertainment. but of course if i know what genre the move is, then i will seek what it is meant to do. for example, if it is a deep film, i expect the film to rile thoughts up in my cranium and make me ponder what it is saying. but who's that girl? is not a deep film. but it is entertaining, nonetheless. it's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch. there's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts. i've watched it when i was younger. the cast is always entertaining as usual. i had a small crush on griffin dunne even though he wasn't the typical male heartthrob at the time. haviland morris also stars. and late austrian actress bibi besch is here too! overall, a delight!why does everyone feel they have to constantly put this movie down? it is cute and funny (exactly what it is meant to be). madonna wasn't out to prove herself as an oscar calliber artist with this movie anyhow! she was just doing what the character called for, and she did it well. i loved her in this movie; it is my second favorite madonna movie after evita. the soundtrack is excellent too. it is no better or no worse than any cheesy 80's flick. to all the critics, just don't take it so seriously and you might have fun watching it. madonna is a goddess!!!in this tv special jon is the one who needs a life. the highlight of his day is counting the tiles on the ceiling and rearranging his sock drawer. not content with this forever, jon takes garfield to a self help group in order to meet people. how many people will be interested in a loner 20-something who's best friend is a cat?<br /><br />after several failed attempts at getting a girl, including one cringeworthy dance scene that rivals david brents' fusion of flashdance and mc hammer in the office (disco's dead?, says jon), he is more than shocked to find a cute girl who is as much as a jerk as himself. <br /><br />naturally, they get on but garfield is worried that john will forget about him and prefer having kids to a cat. fortunately jon's new girlfriend is allergic to cats. <br /><br />with slicker animation than past tv specials, this feels like a longer episode of garfield and friends.this movie is so good! i first seen it when i was six, then i bought it recently and i still love it, im 15 now. plus, the acting was great, and madonna is my idol and she did a phat job! alot of people didnt like this movie, and i still to this day dont understand why.one of the funniest, most romantic, and most musical movies ever; definitely worth renting/buying especially if you have a taste for older style of cinematography.<br /><br /> the animals and the songs alone will make you smile while watching the movie. a definite must for madonna fans. :o)for late-80s cheese, this really isn't so bad. there are a lot of pretty funny throwaway one-liners ("that was grand theft!" - "thanks!") and madonna gives a fine performance; nothing award-worthy here, but that goes for razzies as well as oscars. i'm curious to know if the movie would have been better received if she had used her regular (pre-british influenced) speaking voice rather than the hyper-bronxy accent used instead. oh well. as a side note, i got to meet one of the actors who played one of the motorcycle cops through my work; he said that it was a fun film to work on but gave me the sad news that the actor who played buck the ups delivery guy died about a year after who's that girlfantastic, madonna at her finest, the film is funny and her acting is brilliant. it may have been made in the 80's but it has all the qualities of a modern hollywood block-buster. i love this film and i think its totally unique and will cheer up any droopy person within a matter of minutes. fantastic.i had seen this movie before, but i could not remember it was this fantastic: it has a fun plot, madonna fumbles around the city with pumas etc. causing a commotion. and the music is just perfect! and the happy ending! whoâ´s that girl is a great choice for a romanticist like me. in my opinion this could be even the best madonna movie i have ever seen! 10/10if this film had been made in the 50's or 60's, critics and fans alike would have praised it. i myself, enjoyed the film from beginning to end. it's not a timeless piece, and has not aged well over the years, but it is enjoyable to watch, nonetheless. as for mrs. ritchie's acting in the film? not the best on the planet -- but it adds to the film's unique slapstick comedy-aspirations, and showcases madonna's (often underrated) sense of comedic timing. madonna plays nikki finn, an ex-convict who was framed for a crime she didn't commit. griffin dunne plays the hapless future groom/puppet who is sent to escort her from prison to the bus station, where a series of unfortunate events occurs, thus creating the plot. (and there *is* one, folks!) give the film a shot. you might be pleasantly surprised at how funny it really is.madonna gets into action, again and she fails again! who's that girl was released just one year after the huge flop of shangai surprise and two after the successful cult movie desperately seeking susan. she chose to act in it to forget the flop of the previous movie, not suspecting that this latter could be a flop, too. the movie received a bad acceptance by american critic and audience, while in europe it was a success. madonna states that "some people don't want that she's successful both as a pop star and a movie-star". the soundtrack album, in which she sings four tracks sells well and the title-track single was agreat hit all over the world, as like as the world tour. the truth isthat madonna failed as an actress 'cause the script was quite weak. butit's not so bad, especially for those who like the 80's: it's such a ramshackle, trash, colorful and joyful action movie ! at the end, it's very funny to watch it.i am really sad that that this film has got so much negative criticism. i think it is a nice little comedy and really funny. the humour in this film is kind of warm and innocent and i like it. i also like madonna's character and i do not agree that she played herself. she has created a character and a sympathetic one. <br /><br />my favourite scenes were the fighting scene on top of the sinking car and where madonna climbs over the fence in a fancy dress to claim her love. the humour in the film has a slightly syrrealistic touch and perhaps it is not everybody's cup of tea. but it's their problem, not of the film. <br /><br />i found this film wholesome and sunny. in fact, the day i first saw it i was incredibly sad for some reason and this film lit up my day. and madonna can act. just take off your glasses of negative thinking."what's his name?" "loudon." "loudon what?" "clear."<br /><br />that gag still gets me, twenty one years after the film was released.<br /><br />i loved the film back then and i love it today. i must have watched this a hundred times back in the day, and when i bought the dvd recently i could still remember some of the dialogue.<br /><br />madonna plays nikki finn, a young woman jailed for a crime she didn't commit. when she gets out she decides to seek revenge.<br /><br />griffin dunne (whatever happened to him?), plays an attorney for his fiancã©e's father (john mcmartin). the future father-in-law asks loudon to take nikki from prison to the bus station and to make sure she gets on the bus, as part of a supposed new public relations programme. a seemingly easy task, but there are complications aplenty, some funny dialogue, and some admittedly stupid-but-funny scenes along the way.<br /><br />madonna has a stupid voice in this film, which until i was able to watch with subtitles made one or two lines of dialogue incomprehensible for me (hence only 8/10), but on the other hand i can't imagine her doing it in her normal voice.<br /><br />this film shows madonna's comic side (too lacking these days, perhaps), and she genuinely is funny in the role. dunne makes a great foil, while haviland morris is perfect as the uppity fiancã©e.<br /><br />yes, it's predictable, yes, the jokes could be better, but i think this is a great film and will happily sit down and watch it 100 times more.i love this movie!! sure i love it because of madonna but who cares - it's damn funny!!! *alanis rocks*. when i first saw this film in the theatres back in 1987, i thought it was all out hilarious! madonna is so funny and i love her dubbed accent and wacky/funky look. the all-time funniest part is when madonna(nikki) screams at a man who is about to get into a taxi. and also when griffin dunne(louden)trips and falls at the apartment interview scene. **alanis rocks**. madonna's character nikki steals/shop lifts and fools people throughout the whole movie - her hilarious antics are enough to keep you on the floor the whole time. "didn't rob nothin', when you rob a store you stick up the cashier. we busted a few tapes, there's a bit of a difference" i love that!!! it's classic. ***alanis rocks***. i don't know why this movie got slammed the way it did. i see nothing wrong with it - course maybe if you're a huge madonna fan then whatever she does is just awesome. anyone out there who wants to see some funny, classic entertainment then watch "who's that girl?" and another very important fact that of which should be known to all man kind or at least to all that exist, alanis will always "rock ya" completely to the end! so does madonna in this film, and just entirely! her acting is superb![contains spoilers!!!]<br /><br /> garfield and his owner jon arbuckle were in a rut. they basically had no life at all. all they did was lay around and count the ceiling tiles. jon even organized his sock drawer according to color and fabric. he needed a life. so he consults a book on the subject that tells him to meet a woman. a singles' bar was a great place to start. unfortunately, when the music started and jon hit the dance floor, we see what made disco die: jon killed it. jon next tried to pick up girls at the video store. he ended up feeling down in the mouth. literally. the laundromat was no prize either when jon and his would-be date get a glimpse of each other's underwear. jon tried to act all buff at the beach, but soon he angered a real buff guy, which left jon feeling, once again, down in the mouth. literally. jon then tried to pick up girls walking and jogging by. no avail. jon pulled out a guitar and sings the blues. unfortunately when he mentioned his cat being fat, a fat man walked up and stomped jon's guitar. it was hopeless.<br /><br /> fortunately for jon, an ad flashed on the tv: an ad for lorenzo's school for the personality impaired. it guaranteed a lifeless person to get a life in a few easy steps. jon and garfield attend the class. the building didn't exactly look the same way it did on tv, nor did lorenzo act as peppy as he did on tv. jon sat next to a pretty girl named mona. so while lorenzo taught his lessons of introducing yourself, checking your pulse, and pretending to speak a foreign language, jon and mona get to know one another. they leave together, forgetting all about garfield. at home, jon and mona just sat on the porch and talked. garfield was jealous of mona for fear that she would take jon away from him. garfield envisioned the future: jon and mona get married, she moves in, and soon she gives birth to a little arbuckle who is overjoyed at pulling garfield's tale. back to the present, garfield would not stand for it. he tried to get jon to get rid of mona, until she started scratching behind his ears. but then jon learned that mona was allergic to cats. so that was basically the end of their relationship. but they still saw each other every now and then, and garfield was sure to be with them.<br /><br /> another hilarious garfield tv special! this one was made during the run of tv's garfield and friends. garfield was slimmed down somewhat. somewhat. since hie early 1980's cartoons. the scenes of jon trying to pick up chicks is funny, so is the one where the fat guy stomps on jon's guitar. good ol' lorenzo music is back as garfield. thom huge is jon. frank welker (the third man of 1,000 voices) is lorenzo. and june foray (the woman of 1,000 voices) is mona. if you like garfield, then i recommend you see garfield gets a life today! it, along with here comes garfield, and garfield on the town, were just released on dvd! so check them all out today! you are guaranteed a good time. hey, has garfield ever let you down before?<br /><br />-don't listen to what the critics have always said about this cute, charming little movie. madonna is great in this clever comedy. i worked at a video store for several years and suggested this movie to lots of customers- no one ever brought it back and screamed at me for telling them to rent it. everyone always enjoyed it. it's actually a great movie for kids, too.i kid you not. yes, "who's that girl" has the distinction for being one in a string of madonna's films that bombed, but i actually liked this movie more than "desperately seeking susan". in "susan", madonna's character is relegated to being second-fiddle to rosanna arquette and is not given much to work with. no disrespect to rosanna, but in wtg madonna plays this zany, outrageous character, only done in an 80s style. while it may seem "cheesy" today, this is actually one of madonna's best and one of her most underrated films.<br /><br />madonna plays nikki finn, an ex-con who is sent to the slammer for a crime she didn't commit. she's being released from jail after four years of good behavior. griffin dunne, who is also a very underrated actor, plays louden trott, a lawyer who has the unpleasant task of picking her up from jail to take her to the bus station. of course, when these two get together, that's when the madness happens. sir john mills has a small role as the rich businessman who has a huge mansion in the middle of manhattan with a rainforest(???) on his roof. <br /><br />this movie parodies everything. rich people, the sleazy characters who live in harlem and totally destroy louden's rolls-royce, the gay cops who follow madonna and dunne around town, and dunne's stuck-up fiance wendy worthington who has purportedly slept with every cab driver in new york city (played by haviland morris, who was jake's girlfriend caroline in sixteen candles). hilarious! plus, dunne is also in charge of a rare breed of leopard reminiscent of "bringing up baby". plus, madonna had a great platinum blonde 80s look back in those days and the movie has a great soundtrack. throw this all into the mix and you have the zaniness of wtg.<br /><br />madonna is the queen of deadpan acting. there are times in the movie where she says a line totally straight and surprisingly, it turns out to be funny! that's how some of the best comedy should be played - straight. madonna should have done more comedy and it was a shame that she did not choose to do so. later on she became much more controversial and got into more of the dark, sexually-charged roles in the notorious movies "body of evidence" and "dangerous game". <br /><br />some people say madonna cannot act, and that is fine, people are entitled to their opinion, but i believe the real problem is that people cannot see the difference between madonna playing a character on film, instead they still see only madonna and that is main reason why she is given more respect for her music than for her movies. it's still a fun, screwball comedy of the 80s. not for everyone, i'm sure some of you will dislike it, so i would recommend it mainly for madonna fans, but you never know, you might be surprised and like it! <br /><br />interesting note: one of madonna's friends from her early-80s new york club days, coati mundi, who plays raoul, was a member in the bands kid creole and the coconuts and savannah band.if you like madonna or not, this movie is hilarious!! i am a madonna fan and did see this in the theater at the time of its release. however, over time it has not lost its silliness and pure fun. sure there are some bad lines & cheesy acting but the whole film is just a screwball comedy with madonna actually carrying the whole film with great bombast. she is cute,funny, and is the only comedic role of her movie career. madonna usually just plays 'herself' in roles but watching her as nikki finn in this film, she really seems like somebody else for once. of course the film is directed by james foley (who filmed the dramatic and haunting 'at close range' with sean penn & christopher walken) and co-stars griffin dunn ('after hours') who is also brilliantly cast and has fun with the material. the story is nothing genius and don't expect some climatic ending but if you are ever in the mood to watch a fun, clean, 80's romp or if you are a madonna fan than this is a must see. the soundtrack is also very notable and contains 4 madonna songs: the #1 hit "who's that girl", the #2 hit "causing a commotion" and the beautiful and one of her best ever ballads "the look of love''(top 10 hit in the uk) and "can't stop" a left over pop ditty from the 'true blue' sessions the year before. it is only on vhs but will soon be available on dvd.so, madonna isn't meryl streep. still, this is one of her first films and a comedy at that. give her a break! sure, the movie is mediocre at best and pales in comparison to its earlier counterpart w/ katherine hepburn, bringing up baby. for what it is, though(a piece of fluff), it's quite a bit of fun to watch. i've yet to hear anyone that slams madonna's acting skills back it up w/ evidence or even adjectives other than "awful", "bad", or other such vague descriptive words. if you wanna see bad acting or justify the argument that singers should stick to singing, how about whitney houston?? she's had the most undeserved commercial success of any actress in history and couldn't act her way out of a hatbox. the american public obviously cannot discern the difference between a credible performance in a movie and star power. i think madonna has always been at least credible in her movies. get real people. madonna-bashing is so 90's.i saw this movie the day it opened in nyc, at the ziegfield. at the time madonna was not quite the cultural icon she is now. she had a couple of hits, was very good in "desparately seeking susan" and i had tickets to see her in concert at giants stadium. <br /><br />"who's that girl?" gives madonna an actual role to play, which is not just a variation of her own personality. she does the madcap/heroine routine better than you might think. griffin dunne is very well cast as the man around to witness all the shenanigans.<br /><br />the story involves a huge cat named murray, a bride-to-be who has slept with every cabbie in nyc, a mean father-in-law, and a key. there are a lot of car chases and cops trailing their path. all the elements of a screwball comedy intact. <br /><br />sir john mills is seen briefly. he shares a glass of champagne with the leads and has the greatest apartment on the upper west side, complete with a rain forest and everything. <br /><br />compared to most madonna movies (the ones i've been able to tolerate anyway), this is fantastic. on its own, its not that bad. 6/10.<br /><br />ps the concert was lousy.watching this little movie is a sheer delight from start to finish. the story is always entertaining, the tension never loosing up. the whole cast is wonderful. the teaming of walken and bracco works to perfection, it is almost like an echo of a classic screwball romance. bracco is very sexy and really funny as the scam artist who fights for her independence. for some reason they gave walken a very strange make up and the weirdest haircut i can imagine â? it's sort of a parody of the one burt lancaster had in elmer gantry. for me it added to the pleasure. it's the first movie i saw miguel ferrer in, probably one of the most under-appreciated movie actors of his generation. he's very good in a small role as bracco's pimp. even the jamaican thugs are a sight to behold. i can highly recommend this movie.i loved this movie. you can't buy it, rent it, or find it... but it's a keeper.<br /><br />wonderful chemistry between braccho and walken... and ferrar....<br /><br />terrific non stop action and reactions.... loved it.<br /><br />i've watched my pirated copy maybe 6 times in the last decade... each time showing it to someone who never heard of it.<br /><br />find this movie and watch it. <br /><br />so many films are on tv over and over again - without any of the wit and style of this little film.<br /><br />i didn't know it was made for tv... my copy is an 8 track i pirated years ago... i hope it lasts.a quite easy to watch tale of 2 thieves, with that love/hate type relationship between them. chrisopher walken stars and is very good as the silent rogue with a scam bigger than he's letting on.it's strange how the least known movies sometimes end up amongst the best you've seen. this movie has all the elements of a standard modern day thriller, guns, techno, baddies, cash, etc, and yet it stands out from your average hollywood also-ran. i would credit this to two very charismatic people. christopher walken has a cool confidence and lorraine bracco is one of the warmest and sexiest women i've ever seen on screen. another major reason why this film stands out is coz the setting shifts to jamaica after the beginning. the jamaican resort is so beautiful you'll wish you were there sitting by the pool at night, with a run'n'coke. . . .i know i did. i'm very glad i saw this movie - it was just too nice to miss!finding this piece sandwiched between a stale prequel and a rehashed 80s machomovie on a upn affiliate's midday saturday program would be misleading. it deserves better and definitely uses its talented leads' best attributes to its maximum advantage. bracco and walken team to provide a movie that while perhaps predictable to those familiar with their genre, do the streetwise, 'troubled minds' routine that they are so good at portraying. for a chance to ride a psychological roller coaster a la fuqua's "training day," dive back into the world of early '90s tv movies to find "scam"!i am a huge fan of harald zwart, and i just knew that i had to see this movie, even though i can't say i'm a soccer fan. but watching this just filled my heart with joy, and i had a great time in the movies watching it.<br /><br />bjã¸rn fast nagell does a tremendous job directing this movie, and even though you notice the main characters are new at acting, they grow with the movie and makes it what it is. even though it is supposed to be a soccer movie, there is surprisingly little soccer in it. the whole idea is to show the six guys making up the word n o r w a y on their trip to the world cup in soccer playing in germany this year. <br /><br />if you're only gonna see one norwegian movie this year, this is the one..this was a great movie! it was a completely enjoyable adolescent fantasy. so what makes a movie great? technical details? i think that if that were the sole criteria, our culture would be the poorer for it. so this movie is to "the godfather" as new wave music is to mozart. the point is, it is one of the best movies of it's type i've seen. the women are all beautiful (as are only seen on california beaches when movies are being made). it has a little of everything, a kind of battlestar gallactica meets baywatch meets the playboy centerfold video meets wayne's world. there is plenty of charm and a reasonable (albeit predictable) storyline that keeps you interested until the next bit of eye candy graces the screen. joe estevez may not have his brothers career, but does a good job of bringing focus to the story as the eternally adolescent uncle bud. contains plenty of expected absurdities such as female rock band playing without the guitars plugged in. (was that intentional?) if you're attracted to the box, rent the video, you won't regret it. as is promised, it is good non-violent erotic fun!is this a bad movie?<br /><br />of course, what were you expecting from a movie called "beach babes from beyond"?<br /><br />it is a "babes in bikini" movie and has no pretensions of being otherwise. given, this is not "a room with a view" or "schindler's list." if you wanted a film like "a room with a view" then you would not be looking at beach babes from beyond. but if you are looking for a good babes in bikini movie with almost no plot, this is the one for you. this flick delivers on what it promises and then some. it is pure 100% adolescent fun.<br /><br />there were lots of babes in and out of bikinis. the movie was quite funny and great to watch. these were some of the most beautiful women i have ever seen on home video.<br /><br />every high school kid should watch at least one bad movie like this. this is actually one of the most memorable movies i have ever seen. so unashamedly, i say again...if you are going to watch only one "babes in bikini" movie, this is it.i`ve seen this movie twice, both times on cinemax. the first time in it`s unrated version which is soft-core porn at it`s best and the second time in a trimmed down (cut all the sex and most of the nudity out) version which was entertaining in a typical beach movie sort of way. the unrated version has a tremendous sex scene with nikki fritz, a dude and a bottle of oil which is out of this world (no pun intended). unfortunately, in the trimmed version that scene is almost completely chopped out, as are all the other sex scenes. rated or unrated it is still fun to watch all the siblings of bigger stars (stallone, sheen, travolta, etc;) trying to act. we also get appearances by b-queen linnea quigley and burt ward (robin from the old batman series).this is a cut above other movies of the genre: genuinely suspenseful, intelligent, brilliantly acted and visually stunning. yes, the plot can be confusing - but that's partly what makes it pack such a punch. watch it twice if you can. you'll get almost as much out of watching it when you know the twist than you do from watching it the first time.<br /><br />don't be put off by the fact that this film comes from korea, a country not too familiar to most western audiences. while there are elements of the film that are culturally specific, the underlying themes are all too universal - guilt, anger, loss, madness and retribution. all of these are handled superbly by lim su-jeong as su-mi, the lead character. also worthy of particular mention is yum jung-ah, who delivers a deeply creepy and unsettling performance as the stepmother. <br /><br />while it has its scary moments, this is not really a horror flick as most people would imagine it. it's more a psychological suspense story with an element of mystery. it grips you from the start and will keep you guessing until the end - and possibly beyond!we open in a doctors room of some sort. a girl is escorted to a seat across from the doctor. he asks her questions. silence follows. he continues to ask questions, ignoring the girls obvious traumatised atmosphere.<br /><br />the story is about two girls who are taken home, after spending some time in a mental home after an 'incident' that happened before hand. they are greeted on their arrival by their trying-way-too-hard-to-be-nice-but-so-totally-evil stepmother, who the girls obviously hold resentment for. as time goes on at home, the evil stepmother finds new ways to torment the girls. and, to top it all off, there is a vengeful ghost that is far from helping the girls' recovery...<br /><br />this film is amazing. it has twist, turns, and definitely leaves you a lot to think about without not making sense. the relationship between the two girls is so heartwarming, it almost makes you cry at some points (i know i had a teary moment of two, specifically 'the cupboard scene'). but what i love most about this film is the total feeling of dread all the way through to the rolling credits. the soundtrack is faultless, the furnishings in the house, and the use of colour are fantastic. a pure joy for the eyes. this is a definite must-see for all asian movie fanatics. or any sort of movie fan! an easy 10/10.this is one of the best movies i have ever seen...<br /><br />it's so full of details and every time you see it you'll find new things... like then the father is in the shower but still only hears one voice, and when the girls flute, they can't do it at the same time cause then there would be two girls, and there aren't. <br /><br />i have some problem finding out, about in the middle of the movie their "uncle" visit them, but why does his wife freak out?!? else a fantastic movie.!!! the best asian movie ever.<br /><br />i hope people will enjoy it. there have been so many movie, where the main character is skit-so (the machinist, secret window and so on), but this movie is way better than them!!!"tale of two sisters" has to be one of the creepiest films i've seen recently. in the end there is no actual supernatural element, despite what one is led to expect throughout the film. the story seems to be about two sisters, who, upon returning to their father's home after some sort of absence (later revealed to have been a stay in a mental institution) are forced to deal with not only a seemingly schizophrenic and possibly bi-polar stepmother who lashes out at the younger of the girls when the mood strikes her and cheerfully tells them she's prepared a special dinner at another time., but some presence as yet unexplained. it is later revealed that the younger sister is dead, and exists only in the troubled minds of her older sister, who was unable to save her, and her step-mother, who was callous enough to let her die. much about the specifics of the strange family is not revealed in the film, but it definitely leaves a viewer with a creepy feeling and a nagging hint of confusion. definitely not light viewing; watch this one when you really want to think about what you've seen. it's a hell of a puzzler.another asian horror movie packed with intense, and creepy moments. another asian horror trademark is the complexity of the plot, which is here as well. major spoiler warning!<br /><br />the movie starts pretty simple - two sisters go to live with their dad and stepmother after being put in a mental institution after their mother hanged herself. the sisters seem very hostile towards their mother - especially the elder one - and they seem to ignore their father. all goes smoothly until the mother locks the young sister in the wardrobe and the elder sister tells her father. then it hits you, "your sister has been dead for years now" it turns out the older sister is still not recovered from the death of her mother and what we didn't know is that the wardrobe the mother was hanged in fell on the younger sister and killed her as well.as for the stepmother she is the alter ego of the older sister - revealed when the stepmother (actually the sister's alter ego) is sitting on a couch when the real stepmother walks in! i hope it has been made clearer for confused asian horror fans out there.<br /><br />finally - my favourite scene is the scene where the father invites friends over for dinner and one of the friends starts to choke which erupts into a panic attack. very creepy! 7 out of 10what can i say about this film that won't give you any preconceived notions when you see it? very little. the plot has to do with the return from hospital of a teenage girl after she broke down. what follows after that is the movie. it is one of the creepiest most mind blowing films of the past several years. everything about the film is just slightly off center and leaves you feeling ill at ease well after the film has ended. it is not a perfect film. the film has problems in its final half hour which make an already confusing story, even more confused.(if you've read any number of other comments here on imdb and elsewhere you'll know that a great deal of time has been spent trying to unlock what actually is going on) i'm not sure what i actually think of this film beyond the fact that it scared me and disturbed me in ways that most well known horror films ever have. if you like horror, and don't mind not having everything clearly summed up i suggest you try this since it will more than likely make your skin crawl.disgused as an asian horror, "a tale of two sisters" is actually a complex character driven psychological drama, that engulfs the viewer into the problems of a seemingly normal family. i was really surprised at the depth of this movie. director ji-woon kim's decision to focus more on telling a story rather than providing cheap scares, has proved a correct one. creating one of the most ingenious new horror movies.<br /><br />"a tale of two sisters" tels the story, as it's name suggest of two sisters su-mi and the younger su-yeon, who after spending time in a mental institution return home to their father and apparently abusive stepmother. from then on we witness how the sisters deal with their stepmother's gradually rising aggression and erratic behavior. to say what would happen next would be to be spoil the entire experience. so i'll just leave it at that.<br /><br />the plot is very tightly written. with the characters nicely fleshed out. ji-woon kim's focus on a small cast offers a much more detailed view on them and their relations to one another. furthermore each of the four main cast has a vastly different role and type of character. from the protective su-mi, the weaker su-yeon, the visibly uninterested father to the stepmother's frantic and later deadly behavior. there is great sense of mystery, with a lot of the plot not revealed up into the end and even after that the movie still leaves a great room for interpretation. even after watching it once, the viewer will be compelled to see it at least once more so that he can gain a better understanding to it.<br /><br />the actors superbly fit their roles. it is especially hard to create strong, emotional scenes in psychological movies but it is a great joy when one succeeds in creating them and this is a prime example of such a feat. ji-woon kim's direction is slow paced and gripping, building up tension for the film's horroresque scenes. while few in number those moments are strong and quite frankly terrifying. the cinematography and score are top notch further helping to establish an atmosphere fitting that of a psychological film.<br /><br />"a tale of two sisters" is a demonstration how the horror genre is in fact so much more than a simple thrill ride. with it's strong focus on character and mystery this is one complex movie that could easily seduce you in watching it again and again just so that you can understand it better.this was one of the few norwegian movies i actually looked forward too see. it started of as a few commercials with a motley bunch at football matches. then they made a movie out of it. the leads are not pros (and you can see that) but they still do a very good job and the movie all in all blew me away.<br /><br />norway is known for making crappy movies (no offense)but i had a good feeling about this one. even thou i'm not interested in football i wanted 2 see it. the story is a lot better than expected and the laughs just keep piling up. there are loads of cameos from norwegian celebrities and players. the characters are well portrayed and you feel for them. if you're ever gonna see a norwegian movie. let it be this one!!!!typically, a movie can have factors like "arousing", "good feel", "sense of purpose", "plot", etc. there's always something that can be taken out of movies, its just a matter of how compelling the reason is, for me to own it in my collection. 'tale of two sisters", as they call it when it was released in my country, has tremendous feel and an eventually (mostly) self-explaining plot. i love horror movies that revolve around a house. titles that come to mind are "the others", "the haunting", "the haunting of hell house". this movie will be a another great example that i will remember. the movie had extremely rich colour, in the way the house was decorated, in the clothes that the characters wore, in the open-skied daylight scenes that is in contrast to most horror movies, which, typically makes use of desaturated tones and gloomy environs (think honogurai mizu no soko kara, dark water, which is another show i like) that gives this film a sense of aesthetics and joy when it wasn't in its, more, gripping moments. the characters are extremely believable. this may be partly attributed to the familiar setting of this movie. maybe domestic issues are easier for both myself as well as the actors to identify with, and the actors become their characters with exceptional finesse. the director toys with timelines, in order to give the audience the story in bits and pieces, allowing them to come to their own terms of interpretation, instead of presenting everything in a linear fashion. this is a positive aspect of this film, in my opinion, and, perhaps, it is my interpretation of this movie that allows me to find it enjoyable. i would definitely look out for this on dvd.i must say i'm an avid horror movie fan, and currently i can't get enough of foreign horror. since us horror really depends too much on gore.<br /><br />this movie is fantastic. this movie reminded me a lot of m. night's sixth sense. the way the film was directed was great. the director took his time to set everything up. it took about a good 40 mins just to set the movie up into a horror movie. i thought the movie was just a drama. this movie just builds up and the pay off isn't too much.<br /><br />i've never done this before, but this is the main reason i liked the movie.... i actually screamed out loud because one scene just startled the hell out of me... which is kinda pathetic.... but for a film to do that, it's great.the idea is not original... if you have seen such kind of story before, you would know what the ending would come out after watching for the first twenty minutes... the script, the positioning of the actors and the screening is too obvious... if you haven't seen such story before, it is definitely a good experience, you will enjoy the twist at the end...don't forget to watch it again after you know the "truth", you will even more enjoy the plots... even though i have a right guess at the very beginning, i still couldn't help stick on my seat till the end...<br /><br />conclusion: a must see!! this one from korea is better than any recent movies of the genre from japan...forget hollywood!<br /><br />don't miss it!!if you consider yourself a horror movie fan, chances are you've seen hideo nakata's ring and dark water. they're superb, and ring's making its way smoothly into hollywood (maybe dark water will be adapted soon too?). while ring is almost 100% pure heart pounding and nerve breaking, a tale of two sister is both nerve breaking and mind twisting.<br /><br />along with the other i consider this korean flick a brilliant and smart ending horror movie. the only flaw this movie has is some consider its first 20 minutes rather slow. it's actually typical with korean and japanese movies. i consider it carefully planned rather than slow, think of it as "calm moment before the storm". with thorough introduction of characters, imho viewer will get involved more intimately with the character, one of korean and japanese movies strongest point.<br /><br />like ring, a tale of two sister doesn't overdo ghastly appearance. rather they let our mind do the intimidating job itself. that way it's scarrier and horrifyingly classy at the same time. i won't be surprised if hollywood remakes this movie after bringing ring and grudge/ju-on over(this flick is not that good by the way, i rate it 5.5). don't miss it!to most of us, life is an unfolding process of love. for others like soo-mi, however, it is dominated by darkness and fear. based on the korean folk tale jangha and hongryun, kim ji-woon's brilliant gothic horror story a tale of two sisters revolves around two sisters, soo-mi (lim su-jeong), and soo-yeon (mun geon-yeong), who are part of a dysfunctional family that live together in a creepy victorian-style mansion. feeling alienated from the world, they cling to each other for survival with the older soo-mi obsessively protecting the younger soo-yeon against danger. for soo-mi, however, not coming to terms with the circumstances surrounding her mother's death means mental illness and a mind at odds with reality.<br /><br />while we may recognize staples such as haunted houses with apparitional sightings, doors that open and close on their own, a cruel and overbearing stepmother, and other events of high strangeness, a tale of two sisters superbly explores deeper psychological meanings including the inability to let go of inner demons and the misplaced desire for revenge. soo-mi says "do you know what's really scary? you want to forget something. totally wipe it off your mind. but you never can. it can't go away, you see. and... and it follows you around like a ghost." there is a time line but it is left for the viewer to unravel. the plot cannot be summarized, only suggested and the film keeps us wondering whether what is happening on screen is objective or subjective.<br /><br />in the film's opening, soo-mi, an obviously disturbed young woman, is being questioned by a doctor in a setting that looks like a mental institution. when the doctor asks her to describe what happened "that day", the film flashes back to when soo-mi and soo-yeon return to the home of their father moo-hyeon (kim kap-su) and stepmother eun-joo (yum jung-ah). the stepmother is hostile and resentful and the father is passive and distant but it is obvious that it is soo-mi who is really hurting. as the girls try to readjust, they are constantly frightened by a presence in the house, which may be nightmares or supernatural occurrences.<br /><br />soo-mi sees a figure at the foot of her bed that hovers over her and oozes black blood, a dinner scene in which the guest apparently sees a ghost hiding under the sink and goes into convulsions, a monster emerges from between the legs of one of the sisters, people mysteriously disappear from photographs, and many other maniacal schizophrenic devices to keep the viewer dangling on the edge of insanity. while we sense that much of the story is the projection of someone's mind, we do not know whose and the film keeps us constantly challenged, at least until an important clue is offered in the film's second half.<br /><br />shot in gorgeous low-light cinematography, a tale of two sisters has a unique elegance and other worldly beauty that transcends all the scares, and there are plenty. it is haunting in more than one sense of the word and its images may stare back at you when you least expect or want them to. while the film may not offer the weary traveler much in the way of light, it shows us where we can end up if we opt for the darkness. in the words of a wise observer, "blame is never the answer - whether it is blaming yourself or others. rather, the answer lies in stepping out of judgment entirely - both of yourself and others. forgiveness and understanding have great power of healing."three words: piece of art. this film is just great. it's beautiful, sad, frightening and thought-provoking at the same time. the score constantly stays in my head, the acting is wonderful the scenery scary and beautiful at the same time.<br /><br />it was more by chance than on purpose that i saw this movie. at the time i decided to watch this movie i was just bored and read lists of asian films, which maybe good. well, i saw the title "a tale of two sisters" which sounded very interesting. then i read the summary of the plot and decided "you don't just watch this film, you've gotta buy it". said, done. i bought this film and was hooked from the very first minute.<br /><br />the plot kept me interested from the beginning till the end; the twist near the end of the film made me scream. i really didn't see something like this coming. and the ending scene made me cry...it just made me cry. it was so sad.<br /><br />well, i recommend this film to anyone who wants to see a film that combines an interesting plot, with scary scenes and atmosphere. although you should be aware of the fact that the ending is, as i mentioned before, a very sad one. but this just fits in the mood of the film, doesn't it?if there is such a thing as beautiful horror, this film is one of the best in this genre. it is a horror movie, which despite not being void of gore scenes relies more on psychology and masterful building of the tension in order to create thrills. and it is one of those movies so beautifully filmed, where each scene is a full world of symbols and details, all serving the scope and genre that it can be called but beautiful.<br /><br />it is not an easy story, with two sisters returning to their father and step-mother mansion after having spent some time in a psychiatric institution. they cope hardly with the death of their mother and they try to protect a world of theirs, defending them against the adult world. so the film seems to be at its most external layer. actually the film slowly evolves to something very different, at slow pace, but no frame is lost to convey the sense of thrilling beauty, so i will not say much more. watch it, it is one of the best in the genre of far east horror films that conquered recently the world cinema and it really shows that they succeeded to do it for good reasons.let me just say - i love the horror genre to the extent that i see every single one that i can get my hands on regardless (except really low quality b-movie horrors which i could do without) and recently have become a big fan of eastern horrors. little did i know that a korean horror would be the one that tops my list beating off heavyweights such as the japanese ringu (or the american ring), or even quality us movies such as the sixth sense and the others, and the widely acclaimed hong kong horror 'the eye'.<br /><br />previously 'the ring' had stood as my favourite horror but it seems to me that i prefer the beauty of 'the tale of two sisters' any day - the story is extraordinary and rather open to interpretation thus allowing repeat viewings although chances are you'll want to watch this again and again just because the movie is so masterfully shot... the story is likely one of the best in the genre to date. the acting is top notch too from the entire cast and the scares when they come have the potential to rattle you like anything within the ring - i did find myself glued to the screen at those points unable to take my eyes off. <br /><br />still i am glad it didn't come back to haunt me later that sadako/samara did from the ring - after all such feelings are unpleasant and the tale of two sisters leaves you with an uneasy feeling, but one that hopefully won't leave you without sleep but leave you satisfied that you have seen something quite special. but do remember.. if you don't understand the plot after the first viewing, a repeat viewing is more than advised.. i personally didn't have time for this since it was late so i flicked through scenes on the dvd, some numerous times until i had a good synopsis in my head and after looking on the net, seemed ihad pretty much nailed it on the widely agreed interpretation. and the satisfaction from solving a puzzle like that is wonderful.<br /><br />all in all - a masterfully crafted horror that is unlikely to produce the same 'level' remake (its been purchased by dreamworks) simply because of the korean content and everyone is advised to catch this in the theaters or on dvds while they can... its one of the best you will get. unfortunately due to the type of movie this is, there is no way to even talk about the story without spoilers so its best to do what i did - watch it without knowing a single thing except its 'a tale of two sisters'! and be prepared for something that is unlikely to be matched for some time.this movie certainly deserves to be placed within the genre of horror, but not for obvious reasons. the horror of "a tale of two sisters" lies not with sudden shocks or large helpings of cgi guts and gore; it is a psychological horror movie which piques the viewer's curiosity from the start and builds a suspenseful aura of mystery and questions throughout. best of all, the ending does not provide a clear answer, pushing the viewer to analyse what they have seen and make up their own mind about what really took place.<br /><br />do not be put off by the seemingly slow pace at which the movie begins, and don't expect to be jumping out of your seat immediately. this is not the conventional hack-and-slash movie with orchestral stings designed to make you scared of nothing in particular. "a tale of two sisters" slowly builds an atmosphere of terror, a terror of the unknown and a fear of things which evade explanation until the very end. even when the final conclusion is revealed, it is not so heavy-handed and obvious as to make the entire film fall neatly into place. the movie requires its viewer to reflect back on what they have seen and to try and square this with the frightening revelation of the final scene. some things will still be open to interpretation, and this is one of the joys of watching a film such as this.<br /><br />the true fear of "a tale of two sisters" lies not in shocks or conspicuous scares; it is a psychological, gut-wrenching horror that defies convention and expands a genre to proportions hitherto unexplored by the traditional horror film. it is no exaggeration to say that this film stands apart even from the so-called 'asian horror' genre. indeed, it would be a mistake to align "a tale of two sisters" with films like "ringu" and "the grudge". this movie can be understood from a variety of standpoints, some requiring no suspension of credulity, others embracing the supernatural wholeheartedly.<br /><br />whichever way you choose to interpret this film, it is one that demands an open-minded approach, rewarding viewers regardless of their preconceived notions on asian cinema or horror in general.every high praise word fell way short before the height of this movie. this movie is the true example of how a psychological horror movie should be.<br /><br />the plot seems to be a bit confusing at first viewing but it will definitely explain a bit about what's going on and you really want to view it for the second time. but after second viewing you will start to join the pieces together and then you will know how amazing a movie can be.<br /><br />a word of advice for slasher flick fans stay away from this movie. this is not your dumb ass teenage slasher movie, in which you just switch off your brain and sit in front of the screen just to see big b**bs and lots of blood.<br /><br />if you want to heighten the psychological horror factor of this movie then watch it all alone with a great home theater system that supports dolby digital or dts 5.1ch, without any of your ill mannered friends that crack jokes on a really tense situation. and don't forget to switch the light off.<br /><br />my points on different aspects:-<br /><br />direction = 9/10 acting = 8/10 atmosphere = 10/10 sound effect = 9/10<br /><br />total = 9/10i hate football!! i hate football fans! i hate cars! but this film was the funniest thing i have seen in quite some time. <br /><br />i was given the great opportunity to see this film at the weekend, and all i have to say is i laughed till i cried, and when is it going to be available in the uk and denmark. girls, this is one football film you will need to see, its hilarious!<br /><br />the fact that this film started out as some crazy commercial for a telephone company is just amazing, the guys may not be well known actors, but this is good down to earth real humour, with real people, and i for one applaud them for taking this to the screen.<br /><br />well done!the finest short i've ever seen. some commentators suggest it might have been lengthened, due to the density of insight it offers. there's irony in that comment and little merit. the acting is all up to noonan and he carries his thankless character perfectly. i might have preferred that the narrator be less "recognizable", but the gravitas lent is pitch perfect. this is a short for people who read, for those whose "bar" is set high and for those who recognize that living in a culture that celebrates stupidity and banality can forge contrary and bitter defenders of beauty. a beautiful short film. fwiw: i was pleased at the picasso reference, since i once believed that picasso was just another art whore with little talent; like, i assume, most people - until the day i saw some drawings he made when he was 12. picasso was a finer draftsman and a brilliant artist at that age than many artists will ever become in a lifetime. i understood immediately why he had to make the art he became known for.many horror fans complain that horror has scarcely progressed in the last twenty years. i was inclined to agree with this until the influx of asian horror films, a trend which has admittedly grown dull. however, it has produced some true classics, and a tale of two sisters, for me at least, stands out as an exceptional piece of cinema, and perhaps the best horror film in a very long time.<br /><br />based vaguely on a korean folktale, it tells the sad story of two mentally-troubled sisters residing with their father and stepmother. after experiencing a few problems on their first night back at home, they determine to stick together and deny their stepmother access to their close relationship. the tension rises and there is the inevitable snap. but what happens after this requires more than a pair of eyes, as the story takes several twists, and the scares become more emotional and quite real. by the end, you may need a few moments to absorb it all and piece it together in your own mind, but it is exactly this pairing of horror and mystery that pushes it beyond the definitions of these genres and makes it an instant classic. one to watch again and again, if only to work it all out.this isn't so much a review of a tale of two sisters as it is a discussion of some of the smaller plot details, so i advise you not to read this review if you haven't seen the film, because doing so will absolutely ruin a few surprises for you.<br /><br />in a way a tale of two sisters is far from original, at least from a purely superficial aspect - some of its iconography is taken straight from ring or dark water, while the storyline itself (especially what brendt sponseller calls the "rubber reality" aspect of the narrative) is reminiscent of films like fight club (lead character interacts with someone created in their mind), mulholland drive (character creates alternate reality in a psychogenic fugue), as well as other minor aspects of lost highway, jacob's ladder, and basically every film under the sun dealing with mental illness, plus amenabar's films (the others, abre los ojos), memento (particularly with regards to the torturous nature of memory), et al. thankfully all these similarities do not detract from the film's overall emotional impact, and i personally found a tale of two sisters an extremely moving and rewarding experience.<br /><br />many people have commented on the "confusing" nature of the narrative, but i personally found the storyline to be fairly self-explanatory, even if it is in part portrayed in a non-sequential manner. the narrative only becomes confusing for some because, midway through the final third, the story switches from a purely subjective setting (ie. soo-mi's warped perception of reality) to an objective one, with a flashback at the end explaining the origins of soo-mi's nervous breakdown and subsequent mental illness. the shift in emphasis is bound to throw some people off guard, but structurally i found it somewhat reminiscent of aforementioned mulholland drive (even though we're not dealing with a character's perception of reality via a dream but instead their own schizophrenic tendencies - something which, in turn, reminded me of another lynch movie, lost highway). to be honest, i don't really regard a tale of two sisters as a horror movie as such, but rather a tragic story of a family's breakdown as well as an honest look at a character's mental illness (and i hasten to add that fans of psychoanalytical cinema are going to love this film).<br /><br />that aside, the cinematography in a tale of two sisters is incredible and visually this is one of the most beautiful films i've seen this side of wong kar wai's 2046. the performances are also fantastic without exception, and i expect to see more of the four lead actors in the future; not to mention the music, but then east asian films without a great soundtrack seem to be few and far between these days.<br /><br />it's very likely that some people will look past the finer artistic points of a tale of two sisters and simply dismiss it as "yet another asian horror film", oblivious to its aesthetic beauty and honest psychoanalytical approach. but then each to their own. if you can ignore some of the film's platitudinous aspects and simply take it for what it is at heart, ie. an extremely tragic, heart-breaking story, then i see no reason not to recommend it.i watch many movies, but presently my genre number one is asian horror. i have just bought this dvd and i initially found "janghwa, hongryeon" an intriguing but confused film, since i had not understood many parts of the story. but i saw in imdb board a message titled "explanation of a masterpiece (all your questions answered) faster load", written by opiemar, and i was really impressed with the high quality of the explanations this user provided to viewers like me that missed points of the story. i would like to congratulate opiemar for his excellent work and suggest him to write a correct summary of this movie in imdb to help and guide other viewers.<br /><br />in the end, i agree that "janghwa, hongryeon" is a great korean film, but i do not give ten in my vote because very few people can afford to see the same movie more than once, like this film demands, and without the great support of opiemar, i would not be able to understand the story as a whole. i intend to see this movie again in a near future. my vote is eight.<br /><br />title (brazil): "medo" ("fear")two sisters, su-mi (im soo-jung) and su-yeon (moon geun-young) return home with their father (kim gap-soo). eun-joo (yeom jeong-ah) welcomes them but su-mi's manner is bitter to her. su-mi hates eun-joo because the father let her act like the house wife after the sisters' mother died. seeing her attitude, eun-joo is getting to treat the sisters coldly and there grows a tense atmosphere among them.<br /><br />as if called in by the atmosphere, series of mysterious things occur in the house. when su-mi is hanging her dress in her wardrobe, there have been already hung a lot of dresses of the same design. when she put her diary into a drawer, she finds another diary of the same kind there. when she is sleeping in her bed with scared su-yeon, a nightmare awakes her and she finds a woman standing on her -- and a hand dangles out of the woman's skirt!<br /><br />mysterious things occur to the other people, too. on the evening of next weekend, eun-joo's brother and his wife visit the family and they have a dinner together. eun-joo cheerfully talks about a crazy man she met when she was a child, but nobody is interested in her talk. she says the crazy man annoyed the brother, but he says he doesn't know anything about the man.<br /><br />listening to their talk, the brother's wife has a panic.<br /><br />after the dinner, the conflict between eun-joo and the sisters becomes at its worst. eun-joo pulls su-yeon into a wardrobe and locks her in it. su-mi saves the crying-out sister and complains to their father what eun-joo has done to his daughter. but his response is unexpected. "give me a break." says he angrily, "su-mi, please. don't make me tired any more."<br /><br />and the following words out of the father's mouth are more shocking than what they have seen in the house.<br /><br />to tell the truth, i hate horror movies. although i seated myself at a theater because my intuition told me the movie was something different, i was regretting what my curiosity had made me act when it started showing. the regret, however, had changed into joy for expectation ten minutes later.<br /><br />this film is a tragic mystery more than a horror -- painful more than horrible; beautiful more than sensational. that may have a hard core horror fan disappointed, but for a mystery fan like me, this film is a must see. (9 out of 10)i first saw this film two years ago in the cinema, and fell in love with this dark tale of two brooding teenage sisters coping at home in their large country house with their father and step-mother. their relationship with their step-mother is strained to say the least, with the step-mother appearing to be increasingly becoming unstable in her battles with the younger girls. the film though slants with oriental style ghost effects and horror, which adds a strange and unsettling aspect to the story that on first viewing is not clear, but is all the more intriguing.<br /><br />the direction is incredibly good, and the acting is stunning, with the step-mother in particular incredibly good swinging from one mood style to another in the film. the large house adds eeriness, and there are enough points in the film where you will jump out of your seat. this film to me clearly shows why korean cinema is possibly the best most original in the world at the moment. you simply don't get anything like this in the western world, sadly,and really i can see it being influential on film makers around the world in the next decade.<br /><br />highly recommended viewing in my opinion, a real joy and scare...i just saw "a tale of two sisters" last night and really enjoyed it. i've been a big fan of asian horror films recently and think that this is a strong entry from south korea. there aren't many jump out at you scares as in the usual american horror film, but the director does maintain the off-kilter and foreboding mood very well, especially in the awkward character interactions with each other. most of the scares are more conceptual and plays on everyone's "there's something under the bed" fears from when they were a child, but in this case, it's the closet and the sink. i also liked how the director was able to capture just how dysfunctional this household is through scenes such as the first dinner that the characters have together. he's also good at revealing people's inner life and fragility through simple scenes such as the stepmother wiping off her make-up in the mirror or her sitting in front of the flickering tv. i think this film is mainly an exploration of guilt and the consequences of living with that guilt hanging over you.<br /><br />major spoilers ahead (do not read any further if you do not want the twists of the movie revealed) i was following the story pretty well, but did start getting confused during the bag dragging part. however, i think the flashback at the end definitely tied everything together. the film is very much like "the machinist" in the way two of the character's joint guilt eventually leads to mental breakdowns and delusions.<br /><br />here's my interpretation of the film. the su-yeon that we see after the girls supposed return to the house is either the delusion of su-mi or the actual ghost of su-yeon that only su-mi can see and interact with. the initial stepmother that we see is, in my opinion a delusion of su-mi. there is a real stepmother, however, and she first appears in the film when she's wearing the gray pantsuit. i believe it's the real stepmother that the father is talking to on the phone throughout the first part of the movie and she doesn't appear until he pick her up and brings her to the house. the stepmother before that point is imagined by su-mi (perhaps part of her split personality?) that explains the bizarre dinner party sequence when the stepmother's brother looks at her like she's crazy and doesn't remember anything that she recounts. i think it was su-mi acting out her stepmother part of her split personality. the film shows this later in the bag dragging scene and scenes such as the stepmother wiping her make-up in the mirror, which is revealed later to actually be su-mi wiping her make-up in the mirror.<br /><br />i think the ghosts in the house aren't entirely imagined by su-mi, and are either of su-yeon or the mother or both. in the final flashback, it is revealed the su-yeon was wearing the green dress and had the hairpin in her hair when she died. this is the green dress that they showed before on the ghost sitting at the dining room table while the stepmother was looking under the sink. also, it's the hairpin that su-yeon was wearing in the flashback that appears on the floor when the stepmother is looking under the sink.<br /><br />the real stepmother, in the end, gets punished by the ghost of su-yeon who comes for in a scene a little bit like the ring. after that, the flashback scene ties it all together in terms of how both the stepmother was mainly responsible for her death, while su-mi unintentionally played a supporting role.<br /><br />i wonder if the "mother" that su-yeon sees when she goes up to her room to cry, in the flashback, is a ghost already. perhaps by that point the mother had already killed herself in the closet. that's left ambiguous.<br /><br />other things that are suggested, but not clearly explained in the film is that it seems like the stepmother, at some point, was a nurse, perhaps taking care of the mother and somehow may have contributed to her death too. it's not clear when her relationship with the father began and whether it caused the mother to kill herself. it's also suggested that the mother had mental issues too, requiring a nurse. the stepmother alludes to this when she tells su-mi, you're beginning to take after your mother. i don't think she meant just physically.<br /><br />also, if we accept that the initial stepmother that we see is actually su-mi, then there's the suggestion of incest too, since the father sleeps with her. is that why su-mi freaks out and shouts, "don't touch me" each time the father reaches for her in a later scenes? is that the "filthy things that you've done" that she alludes to in a later conversation with the father? this film is interesting in it's capacity for different interpretations. a few of the scenes, however, were kind of derivative, such as the woman in the black crawling around scene, which reminded me of the herky-jerky movements of kayako in the ju-on/the grudge films. also, the final scene where the stepmother finally gets her just desserts is reminiscent of the ring. furthermore, just the idea that some characters may be ghosts is taken from "the sixth sense" or "the others".<br /><br />overall, i enjoyed it, however, and it will be interesting to see how the hollywood remake (that's already in production) turns out. i have to be honest, i liked both "the ring" and "the grudge", so i'm not one of those snooty types who insist that remakes can't be good too. one remake that i'm really excited about is "dark water" coming out this summer. i haven't seen the original japanese version yet, but both films are definitely on my to-see list.this review is long overdue, since i consider a tale of two sisters to be the single greatest film ever made. i'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making. it's practically perfect in all of them â? a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces." <br /><br />the structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema. i can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute. quite literally, ji-woon kim seems to have made a movie that practically taunts the viewer to dissect it on the most detailed of levels. a seemingly insignificant object may be shown â? a rack of dresses, two diaries, a drop of blood emanating from a floor crack, a bottle of pills, etc. â? but upon meticulous inspection turns out to be so much more â? a clue that helps to make sense of that particular scene (or perhaps the movie in total), which almost always contributes a stirring reflection upon the psychological concepts that lurk in the background until the viewer's intelligence prompts them to spring to the forefront. such an event might occur a handful of times during any other movie, but in a tale of two sisters such events occur in such a rapid-fire, relentless fashion that the viewer must watch the film in a perpetual state of alertness, lest they miss something important. in other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films. how can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this? it's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.<br /><br />the most commonly cited criticism of a tale of two sisters is nicely summarized by zaphod b goode, who falsely claims that the story is an incoherent, unresolved mess that uses confusion to instill a false sense of intelligence because it does not provide a final set of facts underlying the intriguing questions. he posits that ji-woon kim tossed up a dozen possible explanations and left it at that. in reality, however, nothing could be further from the truth. a tale of two sisters provides a series of unassailably objective facts that help the viewer to identify the exact occurrences of each and every scene of the film. if our good friend zaphod had been paying attention, he would have noticed â? for example â? the series of obvious flashbacks which provide enough factual information to make sense of the film. these flashbacks convincingly contradict zaphod's assertion of complete subjectivity. the objective elements of a tale of two sisters are so obvious to anyone willing to see them that the mere assertion of a lack of objectivity can only call into question the patience of a viewer who apparently does not want to put forth even the slightest effort whatsoever to see them. can ji-woon kim really be faulted for the impatience of viewers who lack the desire to understand his film? i think not.<br /><br />please note that i will not insult the intelligence of critics such as zaphod that cannot "get" a tale of two sisters, because it really has nothing to do with a lack of intelligence as much as a lack of persistence. the movie spells itself out so effectively that the only possible explanation for confusion is a lack of effort on the part of the viewer. yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture. you need only put them together. remember, the screenplay was written by someone with the picture already in mind â? he simply separated the pieces and placed them skillfully throughout for the purpose of providing a magnificent cerebral exercise that â? when completed â? bestows an ultimate form of satisfaction and state of awe.<br /><br />don't misunderstand me. there are films that seem to start with an incomplete picture and try to create a puzzle that is insoluble by design. spider forest (2004), perfect blue (1998) and donnie darko (2001) are perfect examples of this. a tale of two sisters is not. it's ironic that zaphod claims darko to be more masterfully constructed than a tale of two sisters, especially considering that darko not only provides almost no objective facts but also a twist ending that is the quintessential deus ex machina clichã© that could be dropped at the end of any movie ever made in order to provide the ultimate in faux intelligence. i'm ashamed of myself for mentioning the two films in the same sentence, but the contrast is an important one. although it does perplex me that zaphod would cite a movie that crumbles when exposed to even the slightest intellectual effort as a way of criticizing a film that only becomes discernible thru a significant application of intellectual effort. he apparently likes his "intelligent" films in the most superficial form possible. this is evident when he makes 17 consecutive questions in his review that are answered quite convincingly by the film itself. just read the threads by opiemar within the imdb a tale of two sisters discussion forum. anyone who carefully reads those threads and still asserts a lack of an objective solution to this film may as well stop watching intelligent films altogether because the answers are so damned obvious.<br /><br />i'd like to say more, but i've come to my 1,000 word limit. all that has been said here needed to be said. so be it now said!i love horror films, but i think they work way better when they hide a dramatic impact behind (the devil's backbone, the exorcist, for example). this is that kind of film, and it's not only eerie and terrifying when it has to be, it is also really beautiful. a tale of two sisters starts really slow, so if you're in a hurry to see ghosts in the first 20 minutes you will be disappointed. actually this is not a ghost story â?though there are some. it's something more complex, and it's done in such a way that it beats ringu and the grudge out of the ring no sweat. a taleâ? is a way more clever film than those huge cultural hits, because it really cares for its characters, and the direction is flawless. every detail in this film will leave you breathless if you're the kind of person who loves to pay attention to details while watching a movie. the acting is superb, specially from the stepmother and the main girl. those two are worth the price of the ticket alone. do yourself a favor and watch this awesome film.perhaps i'm one of the only avid horror fans who thinks that the recent overload of asian shockers is so over-hyped! films like "ringu" or the "the eye" â? which are praised all over the world â? simply didn't convince me and they looked more boring than frightening. well, this blunt opinion doesn't go for the south korean gem "a tale of two sisters". this is a stylish and utterly complex psychological terror-tale that really gets under your skin! the plot, based on a local folklore tale, might be a little too confusing to get this film listed among the all-time greatest genre achievements, but the atmosphere and tension-building surely provokes feelings of great respect. this is one of those few films that are impossible to label: the events in "two sisters" qualify as mind-bending horror as well as intense family drama and a deeply psychological portrait. besides a mesmerizing story, "a tale of two sisters" also has all the great elements that i feel are usually missing in asian horror films like compelling music, good acting and innovative camera-work. the mansion were the family events take place is brilliantly illustrated like a truly creepy place where secrets and danger lurk behind every door. several sequences (like the dinner with relatives or the nightly appearance in the girls' room) are pretty much the ultimate in eeriness. they really made me feel uncomfortable and i do like to believe that i've seen my share of spooky horror. "a tale of two sisters" is a terrific movie-adventure and a definite must see for asian film fanatics. a little warning for people with a short attention-span, though: this movie forces you to have your eyes and ears focused at at all time. it's also a film that requires repeated viewing, even though no one will never really "get it" for a full 100%.the beauty. the terror. the poetry. the horror. the innocence. the guilt.<br /><br />maybe that's just about all i should write in this comment for a tale of two sisters. the best thing is to just watch this movie without knowing anything about it. i myself didn't even know one single thing about the history of the two girls when i went into this movie. i just took a look at the nice cover-art, didn't even read the synopsis on the back and popped it into dvd-player. i only knew that it won several prices on festivals around the world and that it came highly recommended.<br /><br />the dvd-cover read "the most frightening film since the ring, the grudge and dark water". though the frightening-part might be right, you can forget about the rest, because the only thing a tale of two sisters has in common with those movie is... a ghostly apparition with long black hair. it's even a bit unfair to compare it with those famous japanese movies, because this korean movie has a lot more to offer and is in fact a bit more complicated and intelligent than those others.<br /><br />this movie simply is a small masterpiece, and here are some reasons (without telling anything about the plot): the movie itself caught me off guard at least two times with clever surprise-twists. and just when you think you've had the conclusion (whether you get it or not, that's irrelevant for the moment) and you think the movie will end... this movie goes on a bit longer. the cinematography is amazing, using bright colors during the day and dark shades at night. the camera-work is excellent with the director sometimes choosing impressive, if not, innovating angles. some shots are pure poetry (e.g. the top-shot with the two sisters at the lake). it all looks very stylish. there are only four main characters, but the intrigue surrounding them is intense. the story itself starts a bit slow, but there's a lot of variety in tone and emotions to keep it interesting. there was even one scene (when the girls took off towards the lake) that suddenly had me remembering peter jackson's heavenly creatures. but when the horror kicks in, it's quite effective. there are also a few successful surprise-scares in it. damn, i jumped right up from my sofa. the musical score is great, and at times when it's not supposed to be scary, i couldn't help but noticing that it had sort of an italian feeling to it. a bit strange for a korean movie. but nevertheless, a great score. so much care went into every detail of this film, including a perfectly balanced surround sound.<br /><br />i also think that calling a tale of two sisters just a horror movie is giving it not enough credit. it's more a mysterious horror-drama that works both on a psychological and supernatural level. no matter how you look at it, this is asian horror that ranks way up there amongst the finest. it might not be gory, but it gets pretty scary at times and the subject matter is pretty disturbed. so if you haven't seen it yet, then find a copy, pop it into your dvd-player, go with the flow and make sure you give this movie your full attention for it's 110 minutes running time.<br /><br />there, i hope i did a good job praising it without spoiling anything.hehehe. this was one of the best funny road movies ever! i laughed so i fell out of the chair. with many norwegian and foreign celebrities playing themselves. harald zwart is the producer, known for films like agent cody banks and of course one night at mccool's.<br /><br />it is about norwegian crazy fans, going to the world cup in soccer in germany 2006. and all sort of crazy fun that comes with it. it was hilarious. i couldn't stop laughing. i haven't had so much fun in ages. rumors say it will come a number two, but i do not know. it will be hard beating this one. <br /><br />recommended to everyone! it is a must see film. i was suppose to see it at the cinema, but i had work at the times it where shown. and been trying to rent it for a month, but all the time rented out. got it today on dvd. well worth it."a tale of two sisters" is a brilliant south korean psychological horror that left me speechless.the film offers some delicious moments of ghastly horror and is extremely creepy.the small cast of actors is truly excellent,with lead im soo-jung being especially memorable in the lead role.the direction by kim ji-woon is well-handled and the cinematography is absolutely gorgeous.the plot is slightly confusing,but some scenes are wonderfully eerie.the action is rather slow,but i was not bored in the slightest;i was extremely curious and intrigued.the house,where the film takes place looks incredibly menacing and isolated."a tale of two sisters" is along with "ringu" and "kairo" one of the most original asian horror films i have ever seen.watch this masterpiece as soon as possible.my rating:10 out of 10.the recent history of hollywood remakes of ghost/horror films from the east has been dismal. this film will inevitably suffer the same fate, so get a copy on e-bay or similar.<br /><br />it is well photographed and the sound is superb. viewing on a good screen and with a good 5.1 or dts enabled sound system is recommended. obviously it is subtitled, so if that puts you off, then i wouldn't bother with this. dubbing rarely works and simply would not do here.<br /><br />it is also genuinely frightening, with excellent performances from a cast who will be unfamiliar to western audiences. i would particularly single out the stepmother character, who was utterly brilliant. the ending will have you wanting to watch it again, if you can cope. the plot is relentless, and offers no comforting moments of release along the way.<br /><br />if i do have a small criticism, there is perhaps a detectable influence in certain scenes from the japanese version of the ring. we have, however, accepted straight copies of other peoples' ideas for western films for years, and so my point is a limited one which did not prevent me from giving it 10/10. i believe most fans of this genre will derive huge "pleasure" from this film which i for one hope goes down as a classic.'a tale of two sisters', or 'janghwa, hongryeon', is a true masterpiece. brilliant psychological thriller, heart-wrenching drama, and gripping horror all wrapped up in one beautifully orchestrated package. from the intricate plot, to the beautiful cinematography, to the absolutely perfect casting, every aspect of this film is extraordinary.<br /><br />for fear of revealing too much concerning the plot, i will just say it is very satisfying. while it may appear to be a little difficult to understand at first, it does a good job of explaining things in the end. and whether you prefer psychological thriller, drama, or horror, i promise you will not be disappointed.<br /><br />from a technical standpoint, its nearly flawless. the set, the cinematography, lighting, and especially the soundtrack, all are captivating. the waltz seemed an odd choice at first, but proved to be an ingenious choice.<br /><br />as for the casting, we're talking absolute perfection. i'm su-jeong is totally convincing as the defiant, yet troubled su-mi. mun keun- yeong is equally convincing as her emotionally traumatized sister su-yeon. these two girls were magical on the screen. i will certainly be looking into their other films. yeom jeong-ah is deceitfully cheerful and hauntingly evil as the stepmother. finally, kap-su kim gives an excellent performance as the weary, broken father.<br /><br />i truly love this film. if you have yet to see 'a tale of two sisters', i strongly recommend locating a copy. it is a real gem, worthy of anyone's collection.<br /><br />(10/10)this movie was an excellent acted, excellent directed and overall had an excellent story. ive had real life experiance with a boy like 'radio'. at the football program in my town, weve had a mentally challenged boy every year practice, travel, and have fun with the football team. this movie is really true and i can identify with it 100%. a boy like 'radio' just needs to feel like they belong to something; they need to feel like their life is worth living. thats how 'radio' feels and thats why that type of program is set up at my high school. this is a very touching movie that im glad has been brought to the big screen. my dad and i loved it and i will always remember this for being a movie that tells a riveting story of the goodness and kindness of man!call it manipulative drivel if you will, but i fell for it. sure, there could have been more character development. yeah, there could have been better cinematography and less of a constant "movie of the week" score, but ed harris was impeccable, cuba gooding adorable and touching, and let's face it people, in real life, how many of us really get to know the motivation of others. not many. we did get a little glimpse into the coach's motivation (a very provocative dialog in my opinion, not to be soon forgotten) so in my opinion, this was a lovely tribute to one human being who broke out of his "comfort zone" to reach out to another human being, and in the mean time, touched the lives hundreds more. a lesson we all need to me reminded of. why is it that the right thing to do is so often the hardest thing to do? i recommend this beautiful little movie to anyone with a heart. you won't be disappointed. and bring your kleenex. 8/10radio will have you laughing, crying, feeling. this story based on a true story is the perfect movie for a couple to view. there's enough for both. cuba gooding jr.portrays the title character to perfection. his performance is worthy of an academy award nomination.the compassion of the movie is obvious. the movie evokes many emotions. i sincerely enjoyed this film.excellent performances and a solid, but not overplayed story, helped this movie exceed my expectations. this movie was far better than i was expecting after some of the reviews i had read - but frankly those reviewers just got it wrong. very inspiring and uplifting. highly recommended!i thought this was a really well written film. i've heard of radio the person before this movie was even created and i can't begin to describe how good cuba gooding jr was in it. it will make the women cry, everyone laugh, and most everyone will leave smiling.<br /><br />having read the unemployed critic's, review, i went to a screening of "radio" not knowing what to expect. thankfully, the unemployed critic now appears, to me anyway, a frustrated film director/movie critic. his review is callous and totally uncalled for!<br /><br />this is a movie that will make you laugh, it will make you cry and in the end it will give you a moment of pause!<br /><br />to paraphrase a line delivered by actor ed harris in the final barbershop scene "...and all this time that we thought we were teaching radio, truth is...he was teaching us. he treats us all the time, like we wish we treated each other, some of the time!"<br /><br />yes the movie tugs at the heartstrings. yes it is emotionally manipulative and yes cuba gooding jr. (in an oscar worthy performance) is a little over the top at times (see the christmas day dance scene) but you know what? so what! every once in awhile the community of america needs to be reminded what tolerance can do for our great country. we need to be reminded how great we can be.<br /><br />this is a solid cast. i was particularly pleased to see s. epatha merkerson, portraying radio's mother, do something outside of law and order. i always wondered, is ms. merkerson a great actor or is it the quality of writing delivered buy a strong cast on law and order. after watching this movie, it is easy to see that she is indeed a very fine actor.<br /><br />also joining the cast in small but important and powerful roles is alfre woodard as the principal, debra winger in a career-resurrecting role of coach jones's wife and chris mulkey as protagonist, frank clay.<br /><br />we cannot over look ed harris's performance as coach harold jones. after reflecting on this movie and having grown up in the deep south my self, it is hard to truly appreciate mr. harris and his contribution to this film. as coach jones, ed delivers a quiet, rock solid performance, that of a man on a mission. coach harris will not let the town or circumstances divert him from what he knows in his heart, is the right thing to do.<br /><br />if you see this movie, make sure you hang around for the end credits. you will be in for a treat as the real james robert 'radio' kennedy, now in his mid 50's, is shown, still leading the t.l. hanna football team on to the field every friday night.<br /><br />one final note. if you were a teen in the mid to late 70's, this movie is worth the price of admission, for the sound track alone!cuba gooding jr. is back on top! jesus, he did a great job in this film! i loved this movie. its one of those feel good movies that makes you want to run out and volunteer at a mission or something. anyway, i would recommend seeing this movie in a heartbeat! well worth the price of admission. and as for cuba gooding jr., just give him his next oscar right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i've been strangely attracted to this film since i saw it on showtime sometime in the early 80's. i say strangely because it is rather a ludicrous bit of soft-core fluff, a genre i'm not particularly interested in. the dialogue is pompously and nonsensically philosophical (making sense, no doubt, only to it's franco-italian producers)and the plot completely extraneous. what it does achieve is a wonderfully hypnotic and thoroughly pleasant mood. the scenery (the beautiful philippines), soft-focus nudity and wonderful score all contribute to a strange and extremely watchable exercise in a sort of film making seldom seen today. it is truly one of my great "guilty pleasures". i was fortunate enough to find it on an old laserdisc and have watched it more times than i think is healthy. a worthwhile moodpiece.i just got home from seeing "radio." i've not seen such an inspiring story in a long time. my kids are ages 8 and 5 and i would like to take them so that they may "feel" the message as i did - you should seek to find the best in people and love them for who they are, not judge them for their differences. cuba gooding, jr. and ed harris both deserve academy awards for this movie. i don't know why we can't have more movies like this, rather than the junk that is served up at theatres on a daily basis.this is a very moving movie about life itself. the challenges a handicapped person must face in a land that expects perfection is brought to the forefront for all to see and hopefully understand. it should teach the bigots of society that we are all humans, and while some of us are gifted with a mind, heart and sound body, there are decent human beings that exist in the world that are not as lucky, or maybe, we're the unlucky ones. we don't always see the beauty in the world because we're wrapped up in our 'blind' ambitions, and see it only in one light "what can this world do for me!!!". maybe we all wish we were like radio, a loving happy individual...who loves everyone.as one who frequently goes to the movies, i have to say that this has been one of the most impressive movies i have seen this year. ed harris and cuba gooding jr. gave outstanding performances allowing viewers to get lost in the various emotions and really feel for the characters. it is nice to occasionally see a movie that does not depend entirely upon special effects but allows the characters of the story to touch the human psyche on many levels. i wish hollywood would produce more movies of this calibre.cuba gooding,jr. will win the oscar for best actor in 2003.and ed harris will win for best supporting actor. what a beautiful and poignant film it is but be sure to bring along a box of tissues because if this film doesn't get to you, then you have ice water in your veins.<br /><br />it was 1976. the setting was in south carolina and the civil rights act was about ten years old. we have a white high school football coach and teacher, ed harris. then there is a black retarded frightened but pleasant fellow, cuba gooding, whose greatest possessions, including a radio, are piled into a shopping cart which is also used as his bicycle.<br /><br />ed harris takes a keen interest in the fellow for a reason explained much later on in the film. he gives cuba the nickname "radio" and what follows is an absoutely riveting, engrossing, poignant exploration of the human soul.<br /><br />the movie is nothing short of a masterpiece.inspired by true events, radio is one of the best acted, heart felt dramas i seen widely released in sometime. it definitely is one of the year's best films of 2003. <br /><br />radio stars ed harris, who is oscar worthy nonetheless in this film, as football coach harold jones. coach jones has been teaching football all his life and loves the game. however coach jones does not spend much time with his wife and daughter played by debra winger and sarah drew. one day radio, played by cuba gooding jr., in his best performance since men of honor, comes by the football field while the coach's team is practicing for the game. some members of the team, then tie up radio and throw him into a building. they then bang on the building and finally coach jones suspects something is wrong. he comes over and helps radio, who is frightened, and from that point on coach jones and radio shares a very special bond. radio becomes the highlight of every football game and really enjoys participating in the football games and at school events. he also becomes coach jones's main interest in life over football which at first was his main priority before both his family and radio.<br /><br />the movie deals with all sorts of real life problems including what your priorities are life, accepting people for who they are even if they are different, death, and family relationships. the movie touches upon all those issues and more and is extremely well done and director michael tollin should be very proud of this film. the thing i liked most about radio was how real it felt. the performances were like watching something in real life occur right before your eyes. radio had a great mix of comedy and drama. some parts were quite funny yet other parts were very serious and sad. <br /><br />in conclusion, i feel that radio was very overlooked by critics only getting average reviews. they must have there heads up there butts because its amazing how this film can only get 2 star reviews and something like school of rock can get 3 or 4 stars it doesn't make any sense to me. also the performances as i mentioned before are top-notch and oscar worthy. in my opinion, both ed harris, who i think is underrated as an actor, and cuba gooding jr. should both get some kind on nomination for this movie. radio is one my favorite movies of the year and gives me reason to still see some of the big hollywood movies. my final rating for radio is a 9/10.cuba gooding jr. and ed harris are touching. this movie is really surprising. it was enjoyable from start to finish.<br /><br />the story is about mentally challenged man who helps out with a football team.<br /><br />this is a movie you'll either love or hate. i loved it. if you are looking for suspense, great special effects, action, sophistication, cynicism, etc. you won't find it in this movie. it is a feel good movie, sentimental, positive, uplifting. the heroes of the movie are coach jones (played by ed harris), a man of strength and integrity, and radio (cuba gooding, jr.) a mentally retarded man who finds a way to contribute to his world. i guess i didn't find this movie to be "sentimental hogwash" as so many did, because it felt very real to me. i know people like these. i've seen jocks who think it's fun to pick on the vulnerable. i've seen men of integrity stand up for the vulnerable. i've seen people who think high school football is serious business. i've seen people who know what really is important in life. any of these people could have been people i knew. i did laugh; i did cry. i left the movie feeling good, remembering that there are people like coach jones and radio in my world. if there aren't people like them in yours, you might not like the movie. if you don't like a movie that shows the better side of human nature, you'll hate it.radio was a very good movie, and honestly, i never cry in movies. but it had me pretty close to tears. it really got to me when radio's mom died and he just wouldn't get out of his room. i felt really sad about how, if you were mentally retarded, you wouldn't really be able to understand death. i really liked the movie, and it's a must see.i'm normally not a drama/feel good movie kind of guy, but once i saw the trailer for "radio", i couldn't resist. not only is this a great film, but it also has grreat acting. cuba gooding jr. did an excellent job portraying james robert kennedy, a.k.a. "radio." ed harris also did a fantastic job as coach jones. i was pleasantly surprised to see some comedy in it as well. so for a great story, great acting, and a little comedy, i give "radio" a 10 out of 10!radio is a true story about a man who did what he felt, in his heart, was the right thing to do. the viewer will be compelled to wonder what he or she would have done. the adversity that coach jones and radio both faced was both tragic and predictable. people did not understand; nor did they want to understand. but in the end, the power of circumstance forced people to understand and appreciate so much more than they did before it happened. radio is a mentally challenged youth who understands very little, besides three of the most important things the are too often forgotten as we mature: intuition, compassion, and love. coach jones is a high school teacher who cannot ignore the plight of the underdog who is just trying to play a bad hand of cards in the best way that he knows how. it was sad the way coach jones and radio met. the practical joke that terrified the life out of radio was enough to make you want to severely punish, not only the boys involved, but every boy who knew what was going on and did nothing about it. however, on the positive side of the scale, the incident led to a friendship that would influence so many lives in the kind of way that most of us believe only happens in the movies. this movie is a real life fairy tale and not to be missed. ed harris was his usual brilliance. gooding was flawless. radio is an inspiration.despite some really scenic locations in the orient and some sporadically energetic music by franco micalizzi, this film doesn't quite reach the level of joe d'amato's similar efforts while staying just about as trashy. the author of the original book "emmanuelle: the joys of a woman", emmanuelle arsan, directed and had a smallish role in this film, which mostly pornographically showcases a very young annie belle as she gets in a variety of oddball sexual situations. her boyfriend, played by zombie's al cliver actually approves of her sleeping around and even persuades her to continue her practices even after the two of them are married! orso maria guerrini drops by as a professor who is oh so usually married simultaneously to two women, one of whom is played by arsan herself. despite beginning promisingly and having a few hilarious lines of dialog like "can you see me with the naked eye?" ... "i can see you better naked!", the film shambles along plotlessly up until the less-than-spectacular finale. much like d'amato's emanuelle and the last cannibals, the main characters are all in search of some lost tribe, but don't get your hopes up, there's no violence at all in this film, and not much sex either for that matter. just a lot of nudity and silly dialog. i couldn't help but find some appreciation for this little film, if only for the completely cornball logic the film goes by.'radio' is a beautiful movie based on a real story of the mentally challenged james robert kennedy, nicknamed 'radio', and the football coach from the t.l. hanna high school, harold jones.<br /><br />cuba gooding, jr. is excellent as radio! i would never imagine to see him in a serious performance, specially because most of the movies i watch with him are comedies. ed harris is great as harold jones, but this actor is great, so this is not anything new.<br /><br />the mentally challenged young man called james robert kennedy, always walk around the t.l. hanna high school, without bothering anyone and almost not noticed. one day, when the football's ball is throw near him, he decides to stay with the ball, for the impatience of johnny cash, one of the best players from the football team and also one of the most unpleasant guys you would ever met. one day, cash decides to punish james, mocking him with other football players and even go so far as to tie him up.<br /><br />when coach jones discovers that horrible act, he stays angry and punish all the team, deciding for this day on to help james, who gets the nickname 'radio' because of his passion for radios in general.<br /><br />the movie shows how radio becomes an adept assistant, helping the team train despite hardships from the players, and even getting respect from basically all the people who lives in the small city. <br /><br />i would recommend this movie for everybody who wants to watch a real and beautiful story. it has a life lesson,specially showing us how a person can make a difference, even not being what we call ''normal''. radio has a big heart and is incapable to hate anyone, and that's a thing that we all should apply to our daily lives.can a mentally challenged black youth be a catalyst to unite people in a south carolina town? the answer appears to be that in spite of his handicap, james kennedy, understood much more than what he was given credit for and went to become a fixture in the sports scene. also, the film is saying how many of us overlook people with problems that can be helped if only we have the patience coach jones showed to the young man because of his own guilt in his heart.<br /><br />"radio", directed by michael tolllin, is a formula film inspired on a true story. yet, the movie is not a complete failure because of the inspired performances the director was able to get from his wonderful cast.<br /><br />coach jones is instrumental in getting the young man, who is called radio because his passion for collecting them, involved in sports, a passion he discovers in this retarded man who has had only hard knocks in his young life. coming from a poor background, radio, lives with his mother who is protective of him and questions the coach's intentions. radio is seen by the school kids as a mascot, at first, then, his sunny disposition wins him the acceptance of everyone because he is a good person without an ounce of malice in his body.<br /><br />the film owes a lot to ed harris and cuba gooding jr. who make a great pair as the coach and radio. mr. harris, one of the best actors of our times is never boring in anything he graces with his presence. he gets the essence of the principled coach who sees the possibility to make amends for something that bothers him from his past. cuba gooding jr. is also at his best portraying the mentally challenged young man.<br /><br />the supporting cast is excellent. s. ephata merkerson, one of the best actresses of her generation, does interesting work as the mother of radio. alfre woodard, another good actress plays the high school principle with style. debra winger, only has a few scenes in the film.<br /><br />"radio", while being sentimental, will warm anyone's heart because it shows how we tend to see some people are in our society that we know nothing about and how quick we are to judge them. michael tollin puts a lot of ideas in the proper perspective for us.ed harris and cuba gooding jr. where cast perfectly in this film. it's a heart-warming story that reaffirms the belief that we can all make a difference if we just care. i think there was a lot of realism with the characters. the screenwriter didn't incorporate racism in the film in a way that most films do, which i thought created a more realistic story line.<br /><br />writers tend to inject incidents of racism in an attempt to create realism but usually go overboard. <br /><br />there are so many towns like this one where people of different races live harmoniously. ed harris should have been nominated for an academy award because he was great as a leader and coach, realistic as a father and showed a warm caring side when helping radio.this was unusual: a modern-day film which was ultra-nice. in fact, it was so nice it bordered on being too hard to believe in parts. as i watching this based-on-a-real-life story, i was thinking, "nobody is this nice, this tolerant." mainly, i was referring to ed harris' role as "coach jones." i think they went a little overboard on his character, but that's better than the reverse: showing him worse than what he was in real life. odd to see harris playing the role, too, since he has a long resume of playing nasty, profane characters.<br /><br />anyway, i never complain about a nice, feel-good film, and it is nice to see a bunch of well- meaning, kind people. those folks direct their friendship, love and compassion to "james kennedy," better known as "radio," a mentally slow high school kid played by cuba gooding jr. the story takes place in the mid 1970s in south carolina. gooding does a nice job with the role, too. however, like sean penn's role of a mentally-challenged man in "i am sam," an hour-and-a-half of a character like this is plenty. after that, the loudness of those guys gets tiresome to hear.<br /><br />note: it was interesting in one of the documentaries on this dvd to find out that, in real life, in took years for "radio" to make his transformation, not months as shown in the film.not much to it but a validation of small town values and the embracing of a mentally challenged young man into its heart.<br /><br />i read some of the reviews and was surprised at some of the hostility it engendered. i felt cuba gooding handled the part with dignity and respect unlike sean penn's drooling fool portrayal in "i am sam."<br /><br />the fact that this is based on a true story makes it all the more heartwarming. sports are taken seriously in small town high school america (and elsewhere, i suspect) and i felt the portrayal of these competitive students opening their hearts to one less fortunate rang true, at least for me.<br /><br />the coach was never forced to choose between his daughter and radio but rather came gently to the decision himself under radio's loving and open ways. very well done to all. 7 out of 10.<br /><br />debra winger, we need more of you in pictures!corniness warning. as many fellow imdb users already know, i'm not a corny, cheesy person. if you don't want to read this kind of review, then go.<br /><br />to tell you the truth, you're hearing this from a man who laughed through titanic and almost broke his parents' tape from continuously rewinding the propeller scene.<br /><br />---spoilers---<br /><br />one day, i went off to the theatres with two friends to see dickie roberts: former child star, last year in august. the boring trailers rolled on until one started off so calmly. it was for radio. the moment i saw the trailer, i just had to see this movie on opening weekend. when that weekend rolled along, scary movie 3 was out too so many teenagers were there waiting in line that friday night. it turns out the movie sold out and those teens were so desperate to see a movie, they went and also sold out good boy and radio. i couldn't get a ticket and the following weeks, i was busy with more important things. about 5 months later, my friend rented radio. he let me borrow it and i watched it in my room. i'll tell you this now, this is the only movie i have ever seen that got me crying ever. when radio's mother died, it just came out automatically. the next day, i went off to blockbuster and bought the dvd.<br /><br />well enough of my stupid personal story, let me tell you about the movie.<br /><br />cuba gooding jr. stars as a mentally challenged man nick-named radio. ed harris co-stars and this movie is directed by mike tollin. based on a true story, radio is a teenager who has a life by spending most of his day alone. he goes around with a shopping cart picking up whatever he can and is always carrying a radio around. he's got his own collection. at the end of every day, he goes home to his mother. he never went to school until later in the film. one day, radio passes by the local high school while the football team is practicing. a football flies over the fence and radio picks it up and continues on. ed harris plays mr. jones, the football coach. they meet and this is the life of radio.<br /><br />throughout the whole movie, radio and coach jones spend quality time together, both teaching each other things. it is beautiful to see how the movie goes to the highest joys, the lowest lows, and just seeing radio live his life. you will laugh, cry, and live the life of radio with him. this movie holds a special place in my heart along with toy story and others. this is a must-see for the whole family, by yourself, or if you're someone who just wants a great drama. radio is one of the most beautiful movies i have ever seen. radio will never be forgotten by me. never.<br /><br />as ed harris' character said greatly near the end of the movie:<br /><br />"we're not teaching radio, radio is teaching us."<br /><br />my rating: 8/10<br /><br />eliason a.this is one of the best films i have ever seen! how anyone can knock this movie just befuddles my imagination! first of all, gooding's and harris's performances were simply spectacular, especially gooding. that is the only way i can describe the acting: spectacular! you have to imagine how difficult it would be to play a character like that and pull it off; then you see gooding, and his performance was magical. as for the plot, since it was based on a true person, it goes where the lives of the characters go. for all the action buffs, it might be a little slow, but then it's not an action film. i definitely give this movie a 10. it deserves nothing less!excuse me!!! helloooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!! cuba gooding,jr. should have won an oscar for his portrayal in this film!!! he was the film! while the film may be lacking in some areas, cuba was awesome... and for me, this is the best role that he has ever played! the scene in the movie where he finds out that his mother has died made me break down and cry in the theater!! i guess i could really relate to this film because i saw the same treatment of people just like that at my own school growing up... what a tragedy! getting to see the "real" radio and coach at the end of the movie was really special too! if you can watch this movie and not be moved to tears, you need a heart check! if you liked "simon birch" and "the mighty", you'll love "radio" too! i wish they made more movies like this...radio is the real deal!the fact that the movie is based on a true story contributes to a better and, of course, more realistic experience and keeps the viewer focused on the basic theme of the movie. the story is filled with unexpected twists which keeps the viewer at all times from figuring the ending out. in one moment you think that something happens to coach jones or radio. well it does, but certainly not what you'd expect.<br /><br />the film becomes at no point boring or too sentimental and the acting performances by ed harris & cuba gooding jr. are some of their best in my opinion. the ending puts a long lasting smile on your face and makes you wonder if what you are doing is right. well i guess that was what michael tollin & mike rich were trying to do. first-class movie.<br /><br />esbjã¸rn nordby birch. denmark.spoilers !!! to understand what really happened first you have to be a warrior, to stay alive in real war, to think off-line,analytically,critically and not linear. otherwise you will come to false conclusions that maj.gray was dumb or unstable person. truth is something completely different. he was firm hardened veteran and only way he could be killed by capt. o'malley is that he wants her to kill him. it was his way out. he choose it. he was not man who will retire. if you've never been on a first line you can't understand it. he intentionally prepare his own suicide. first he seduced mary jane, than intentionally acted as a dumb, than stageed argue - shutting incident before witnesses (to protect her later after she done what he wants her to do if it comes to trial), than gave her son a bullets (to assure he could load her gun later), came that night, loaded her gun, woke her up, put her gun in her hands, acted as he was attacking her, after shot first time he raised knife and cried "one kill" so she shot him again and before died he put knife off like he was trying to took him back again after first shot. he also gave her a message with his last cry. "after first kill everything will change inside your mind and destroy your life, this is the the only way for me to die as a man, yet to be killed by somebody i love is my choice and my only prerogative, war and army is not what you thought so far, grow up finally and save your life till you can". she left military life at the end. she did understand him. and he did not die in vain. the man who helped him to prepare all that and after to carry out the trial and the outcome of that trial was col. sam doran with help of lt. tim macy. macy didn't know what is really going on and what will be the outcome but did what he was expected to do. he took photos of mary jane and maj.gray by order of col. sam doran who gave that order because maj.gray asked him to do that. after she refused to leave army (what col.doran asked her to do) col. doran convinced prosecutor to charge her with a premeditated murder (he knew she cant be found quilty) instead of manslaughter (there was some possibility to be found quilty) with taken photos. col.doran also suppress argue-shutting incident to escalate to prevent prosecutor to have any doubt about premeditated murder charge but let it be revealed during the trial what greatly influenced the jury. i have no doubt about outcome of that trial. why col. doran did that way? because he will do anything maj.gray ask him to do. why? because he saved his life on a battlefield. why mary jane choose to go to trial? because she was a person who have integrity, a principles. and that is why maj.gray choose her. it has to be somebody deserving, somebody honourable. keeping his secret about what really happened that night she also prove her honour.<br /><br />miroslavgorgeous annie belle in her prime stars in this adventure/sex movie. she wears her hair in a buzz cut that is bleached platinum. she and her boyfriend are visiting some tropical asian paradise. they have decided to keep an "open" sexual relationship, which is played out on their journey to find a secret society/tribe where the people live one year and then are reborn in some kind of ceremony. the scenery is gorgeous, deep vast green gorges and jungles are explored. the imagery is very similar to that of the movie "black emanuelle". it is rich and colorful. recommended!this movie reminded me of the live dramas of the 1950s- not like the recent "failsafe", which seemed more of a stunt than anything else, but a true moral drama that is both engaging and thought-provoking. anne heche is more than credible as the army officer having an affair with her superior, played by sam shepard, and eric stoltz is wonderful as her lawyer defending her against the military establishment. i found myself waiting for their affair to begin, if only because they look so good together. this movie is apparently based on a true story, and it's a relief to be asked to think about real issues for a change. <br /><br />directed by christopher menaul, who also did the passion of ayn rand (with stolz) and the prime suspect series, this is a movie with panache and style and is absolutely worth seeing.certainly this film has the ring of truth about it, as it purports to be based on actual occurrences at a marine base. it deals with the attempted cover-up by the local marine commander of unacceptable conduct by a marine major which resulted in his being shot to death by his former girl friend, a marine captain. the man and woman had been lovers, but the captain attempted to break off the relation when she discovered her boy friend was married. he continued to stalk her, going so far as to fire his side arm in her direction at one time. finally he broke into her home, attacked her with a knife, and was shot twice with her service pistol and killed. the civilian prosecutor ruled the killing self defense, but the marines decided to charge the captain with murder. the major, you see, was a decorated hero from vietnam, and an old friend of the commanding colonel at the marine base. the captain, too, had made some enemies in her motor pool command, rejecting some male advances in a very butch style.<br /><br />there is considerable psychological freight motivating and controlling the actions of the principal participants in this drama, which the very capable cast gets across nicely. the director and editor, however, seem determined to obscure the happenings as much as possible with frustrating flashbacks and shifting points of view. you're lucky if you know where you're at most of the time. bear with them, though; it's a worthwhile story as the captain's court martial trial unfolds, and it seems every man's hand is against her, even her attorney at times. <br /><br />the verdict? well, after all, this is rather a suspense story, so you'll have to see for yourself. there is a kind of "pacifist" message folded into the film, but forget about that. sure, "war is hell", but sometimes it can't be avoided. we'll need those marines then, even if they aren't always the best champions of fair play internally. as kipling says in his poem "tommy atkins":<br /><br />"it's tommy this and tommy that, and tommy wait outside. but, it's room for mr. atkins, when the troopship's on the tide."excellent cast, story line, performances. totally believable. i realize the close knit group that exemplifies the marine corps. but this movie brought fear to my heart. the marines let principles be damned. it seems that this film was based on real life incidents. it shows how difficult it is to go up against the establishment. anne heche was utterly convincing. sam shepard's portrayal of a gung ho marine was sobering. and eric stoltz as her attorney was so deft balancing his loyalty to the corp but also his loyalty to his client, while high above on his tightrope. he knew what his true course of action had to be. but he was pulled apart by his immersion in the marine tradition, loyalty to the corps above all else. i sat riveted to the tv screen. all in all i give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.the man who knew too much{1956}is a remake of a film that alfred hitchcock made in england in 1934 with the same name. in my opinion, his later effort is far superior. many critics and fans of alfred hitchcock will argue that the remake is mediocre and doesn't have the spine tingling suspense of the original with peter lorre. in both films the plot is essentially the same, except the original is set in switzerland and the remake in marrakech . it tells the story of a married couple {james stewart and doris day}vacationing with their young son and meeting a suspicious man, that is very curious about their past. it just so happens, he's an agent that's looking for a couple involved in a plot to assassinate a world leader.then he gets stabbed in a marrakeck market because of it being found out that he's a spy,and proceeds to fall into stewart's arms.dying,he tells him the whole story of the assassination plot.stewart and day then find out that another couple they met were the couple the agent was looking for and have kidnapped their son.the film contains excellent performances by stewart and day,in a straight dramatic role,as worried and frightened parents.this film proved that doris day could act in suspenseful dramas as well as carefree musicals.the direction by alfred hitchcock is top-notch.the film keeps you on the edge of your seat every minute.the scene in albert hall is a classic.the original is so slow-paced and drab.i don't know how people can compare the two.just watch the remake and you'll enjoy it.i give the movie a 9 out of 10.unfortunately, due to a sluggish start, i can't say that this is one of hitch's best films. it very excellent none the less. the film stars jimmy stewart and doris day as parents who get caught up in a political assassination plot and must try to get their kidnapped son back. they both give excellent performances, not surprising of course. really, however, i was most impressed with hitchcocks amazing use of music. the climax at the opera house was fantastic, and using a live orchestra to create music and suspense at the same time was pure genius. absolutely fantastic suspense came out of that scene. also, the use of doris day singing "que sera, sera" was excellent. especially when it is transposed on scenes at the end of the film. so, this film to me ends up being hitchcocks best use of music that i have seen to date. unfortunately it had a slow start, or i could have recommend this film a little more highly. even then, it is still well worth a look. 8 out of 10.this is another enjoyable and entertaining hitchcock film. james stewart and doris day are incredible in this movie. bernard herrmann appears as himself near the climax.<br /><br />the scenery and locations are great, except the one scene early on where the background was obviously fake, which doesn't make sense to me since scenes before and after were in the same setting and they were real location shots. i've heard that hitchcock did this on purpose sometimes.<br /><br />the reviews for this movie seem to be mixed. i think this is a better than average hitchcock movie. very entertaining and it has a great light comical scene at the end.<br /><br />i rated this movie 8 out of 10.<br /><br />some people say the pace of this film is a little slow, but how is this different from any other hitchcock movie? they all move very deliberately and, as a point, have spurts of suspense and brilliant montages injected through it. this movie gives us just the right amount of comic relief which make the suspense scenes seem all the more suspenseful. the albert hall scene is one of the best examples of pure cinema that exists in hitchcock's collection (the best probably being almost all of "rear window"). pure cinema for hitchcock meant a series of usually small pieces of film fit together without dialogue, in order to tell the story visually. this is, of course the basic definition of the albert hall sequence, as well as the shorter staircase sequence at the end of the picture. <br /><br />not many slip-ups by hitchcock here, and the acting is superb especially by doris day in a rather surprising serious role.lovely little thriller from hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists. jimmy stewart is as ever a great hero for hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original. nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.1956's the man who knew too much is exceptional entertainment. to those who prefer the 1934 original, i will say that that one is faster paced and wittier. however, even though the american version was (heaven forbid!) a big budget blockbuster, i believe it blows the british version out of the water. i think this is one of hitchcock's 10 best-no small feat considering he made over 50 films and many of them were among the greatest of all time. i find so many things to love:<br /><br />1)james stewart, america's favorite everyman for so many years, does an excellent job playing the distressed father here. he can make any film enjoyable, and working with such a likeable character in such a gripping story, he had me rooting for him very intensely. leslie banks in the original is nothing in comparison.<br /><br />2)doris day. yes doris day. despite all the criticisms directed toward her, i think she makes the loving wife/mother an extremely sympathetic person. i disagree with the negative remarks towards her character; just because she is soft-spoken and gentle it doesn't mean she is docile and helpless. i don't want to spoil anything, but she does make a crucial discovery by herself after her husband has failed. she gives the story a level of warmth that just wasn't there in the first one, and for those who care about that this version is the way to go. and i loved que sera sera; i think it is one of the most beautiful songs i've ever heard and deservedly won its oscar. it elevated the film to another level.<br /><br />3)the albert hall sequence. i don't think it was too long at all; i think the suspense built the whole time to that terrific crescendo and hitchcock's direction in this scene was absolutely brilliant. and the assassin was truly frightening. <br /><br />4)the ending really put a smile on my face; even after the aforementioned scene was over i found the rescue scene to be exciting and it was great to see the charming family together again. the last line in the film is highly amusing. i don't think the film started out slowly; hithcock was trying to get us to know and like the mckennas and he did a great job. i wasn't a huge fan of the kid playing hank, but i didn't have a problem with him. since hank was ben and jo's kid i cared about him too; it's not like he was a brat or anything. <br /><br />i found no major flaws in this movie and so many major and minor virtues. way to go hitch!i can't believe this movie only scores 7.4! this surely ranks up with the best of hitchcock's movies such as vertigo or marnie. the only reason i can think of why the score is so low, is that for the most part, the man... renounces violence and certainly won't get a diploma in "sex and crime".<br /><br />what it derives its tension from is not violence, it's the reckless energy of these criminals that take a child from his parents and are ready to kill the kid if the operation fails. today, having seen a lot of hardboiled kidnapping movies as mel gibson's ransom, this seems normal, but in the 1950s, where family was all in contemporary america, the thought of such a crime surely has stirred up emotions a lot.<br /><br />and this tension still works for me, today. yeah, these guys are selfish, ignorant bastards, disturbing in how they act: it's a deal for them, and they want to be "good businessmen", disregarding the fact that business here is kidnapping kids and assassinating politicians in the opera!! <br /><br />what makes the movie great, however, are the creative aspects, the kinky ideas of hitchcock, the outrageously disturbing scene in the church (which brings it to the viewer's attention how alone, how abandoned the protagonists are, nobody caring, nobody helping, the people in the church just going home...), the meeting with the owner of that shop stuffing and preparing dead animals (which stresses the somewhat "oriental" flair the movie has from the opening scenes abroad), last not least the role of music in this movie.<br /><br />music is the key principle here, as ***spoiler*** the assassination of the targeted politician is to be done exactly in the moment of a loud orchastra tutti/gong; so hitchcock lets the camera follow the orchestra score and you now it will happen in a second ***bang*** and then, of course, doris day singing que sera, which became more famous than the movie itself; she sings it to notify the kid of his parents being in the embassy...<br /><br />all in all: a classic!!i finally saw laure and i have to say that i equally enjoyed it and was dismayed by it. what's great about it is the atmosphere, the music, the location, the cinematography and the beautiful cast. the story is non-existent for sure but with these movies it doesn't really matter. the pace in languid and the settings are exotic. the film has a lot going for it. unfortunately, it also has a few things going against it. the first thing is that the gorgeous annie belle and the handsome al cliver have no chemistry whatsoever. because the two are playing a couple and are on screen for almost the entire length of the film the lack of chemistry between the two is a definite liability. according to imdb, al and annie were a real couple when they filmed this movie. they sure kept their attraction to each other from showing on screen.<br /><br />the other problem with laure is that some sex scenes are just ineffective or even ridiculous. there's one sex scene that stands out as one of the silliest i've ever seen in any soft porn flick: our young blonde couple are picked-up by a helicopter pilot who happens to be a cross-dresser! the pilot flies over the city to pick up his girlfriend (!) and they have an orgy of sorts in the helicopter, in mid-air. and al cliver is filming all of this with his 16mm camera! i kid you not. ridiculous. we later see that 16mm footage being edited on a moviola. while the footage rolls, al and annie start making out. this scene is actually good but the footage on the screen behind them was at times too much. watching the footage of the cross-dresser getting it on with his bimbo while piloting the helicopter almost had me rolling on the floor laughing out loud. is this supposed to be erotic or believable in any way? the last thing i want to see is a woman pleasuring a man in drag, certainly when the man in drag makes for such an ugly woman, while piloting a helicopter, no less. al and annie getting it on was cool as was the music during the entire scene. i just wish the footage on the editing screen wasn't so silly.<br /><br />speaking of drag, another dull plot point in laure which really drags the movie to a crawl are all those moments with the great orso maria guerrini and his two wives. a married threesome is an interesting idea but it hardly registers here as hot or even interesting. the two women are sorta dull and we rarely see the three having sex. in fact, orso keeps his clothes on for almost the entire film, even when he's with annie belle. this is another minor complaint about laure: there's nudity but it's not as much as other films of the same era. it just needed more skin to punch it up.<br /><br />except for those minor complaints and the drag queen moments, laure is actually very watchable. i love these kind of softcore films from the 1970s when the attention was set on mood and atmosphere, not the crude stuff we see today.<br /><br />p.s.: make sure to watch emanuelle in egypt, which stars annie & al but also another famous screen couple, laura gemser and gabriele tinti. the music in that movie is also great.less a thriller than an colorful adventure with suspenseful elements, the man who knew too much should not be really be compared with such hitchcock masterpieces as vertigo, rear window, or psycho; it is instead more akin to such enjoyable romps as to catch a thief and north by northwest. shot largely on location in morocco and london, the film tells the story of a married couple (james stewart and doris day) whose holiday is interrupted when they innocently run afoul of an assassination plot--and when their young son is kidnapped in order to insure their silence.<br /><br />james stewart and doris day are quite effective in their roles of the all-american couple, and the characters are given an unusual twist: stewart, a midwestern doctor, is outgoing but has a touch of "the ugly american abroad" about his personality; day, who plays a popular stage and recording star who retired upon her marriage, has a suspicious nature. these qualities of personality and background play extremely well into the story.<br /><br />the man who knew too much contains a number of famous scenes; both the scene in which stewart drugs day before telling her of the kidnapping and the very complex albert hall sequence, involving what seems hundreds of cuts, are very powerful. less often noticed, although to my mind equally if not more satisfactory, are the more subtle scenes in which hitchcock combines an edge of suspense along with perverse humor, as when stewart attempts some detecting at a taxidermist shop and day belts out "que sera, sera" (written for this film) in a most unsuitable way at an embassy cocktail party.<br /><br />although the man who knew too much lacks the depth and impact of hitchcock's greater work, it remains an enjoyable film and one that compares very well with his work as a whole. it's hitchcock-light, but recommended.<br /><br />gary f. taylor, aka gft, amazon reviewerone of master director alfred hitchcock's finer films this is the story of an american and his family (james stewart, doris day, and their young son) who are vacationing in north africa. stewart is a doctor and day is a world famous singer. they meet a frenchman who speaks the native language and helps them out of an incident on a local bus. later one, the frenchman whispers something into stewart's ear after he is attacked and dying. the rest of the film is a puzzle as stewart tries to save them and solve the mystery. the movie is steeped in mystery and strangeness from the exotic locale to the odd occurrences. you never really know what's going on in this film, why people are appearing, until the end and even then you're not sure. the final scene takes place in albert hall and is one of the most famous in film which lasts for 12 minutes with no dialog. hitchcock had originally made this film in 1934.this film is the one which you fall in love with. alfred hitchcock shall always remain over the top of any directors of his time. the most influential aspects about his films are sheer simplicity & gripping drama. the another best thing about hitchcock's films is a definite & gripping end.<br /><br />any thing said about "the man who knew too much" is less. the cinematography, acting, dialogs & camera works are magnificent in this movie. the song "que sera sera" at the end shall remain in our memories for life time. the film is so enjoyable from start to end that we never know when it ends. rarely would hitchcock include humor in his films, this film has comic scenes which fits in to the movie. <br /><br />this film is absolutely brilliant & as good as vertigo.am i the only person who believes this american version is far better than the 1934 english film? the english version has no suspense, looks antique and very low budget, and has unexceptional acting (except for peter lorre). the 1956 version, besides having top production values, shows james stewart as the perfect 'innocent' american abroad, and gives doris day her best role ever. of particular note is the music - the music of the american film is almost classic; compare the "albert hall' sequences of both, and you will agree that the bernard herrmann music is far more exciting than the original version (even though it's basically the same music!). the only flaw in the 1956 film is the ridiculous encounter in the taxidermy shop. i would appreciate any argument that can prove to me that the english version is better.alfred hitchcock's remake of "the man who who knew too much," is usually not considered to be as good as the original, but for me it is one of the best films ever. i prefer it over "vertigo" and "rear window."<br /><br />like "north by northwest," it is the story of an average man who is unwillingly thrown into the world of international intrigue. james stewart plays the father of a son who is kidnapped because he is mistaken for an international spy. he will do anything to make sure he gets his son back and protect his family.<br /><br />while the original was good for it's time, it is hard to watch by today's standards. the remake has excellent production quality, an endearing doris day, and a really creepy villain. <br /><br />don't bother to rent this one because you will want to see it over and over.this isn't among my favorite hitchcock films, though i must admit it's still pretty good. among the things i really liked were the presence of jimmy stewart (he always improves even the most mediocre material) and the incredibly scary looking assassin (who looks like a skeleton with just a thin layer of skin stretched over him). although it cost the studio a lot of money, i didn't particularly care for doris day in the film--she seemed to weep a lot and belts out "que sera" like a fullback. yes, i know that she was supposed to sing in that manner, but this forever made me hate this song. sorry.<br /><br />the other complaint, though minor, i had about the movie was that it was a little "too polished" and "hollywood-esque". the original version (also done by hitchcock) just seemed a lot grittier and seedier--and this added to the scary ambiance.if there's one good suspenseful film, this is one of them. james stewart puts on a dazzling performance as american dr. ben mckenna who, with his wife and son, are in africa on tour. they stumble on a murder scene, and dr. mckenna's son is kidnapped hours later.<br /><br />before you can say, "fasten your seat belts," dr. mckenna finds out too much about a assassination attempt and tries to stop it. however, other people know he can be dangerous, (dangerous to them, that is) and try to dispose of him.<br /><br />eventually, hank, the son, is found alive and well.<br /><br />if you like suspenseful movies, this is the one to watch.<br /><br />my score: 8/10.james stewart plays dr. ben mckenna, who, with his wife and son, are tourists in an arabian city. they get caught up in the middle of a murder scene. the victim whispers something in dr. mckenna's ear, and he is told to do something.<br /><br />later, his son is kidnapped. the kidnappers turn out to be a man and woman he knew, but the woman is a bit softer than the man.<br /><br />the song, "que, sera, sera" (whatever we'll be, we'll be," is one of the best songs ever sung in any movie.<br /><br />doris day play's stewart's wife, and she sings the song mentioned above. her performance is oscar worthy. i'm surprised she wasn't even nominated.<br /><br />my score: 8/10.i have been getting into the hitchcock series very much lately. i find myself always renting one of his movies when i'm at blockbuster or hollywood video. like i said before, hollywood is loosing it's touch incredibly, i needed a reminder that there are terrific films out there. not to mention, i want to be a film appreciator, not a movie buff. is there any better way to do that than with alfred hitchcock's movies? <br /><br />the man who knew too much is another great and exciting thriller starring alfred's favorite leading man james stuart and the woman who steals the show dorris day. they play husband and wife who go on vacation with their son, but when a spy tells james some information that could arrest another spy, his son is kidnapped and held for ransom. james seems to just doubt dorris and her ability for ideas on how to get their son back, but she makes a great comeback and just about ends up being the hero of the flick.<br /><br />the acting again, i would say that dorris was the one who outshined the whole cast. james did a great job keeping up, together these two made you sit down and never budge throughout the film. i loved the little bit of comedy at the end that alfred added. you'll see what i mean. i would always highly recommend this film, despite not being the best hitchcock film, it's still a treasure.<br /><br />9/10i hate to admit it, but i didn't find it to be one of hitchcock's best but nonetheless a riveting, climatic thriller. in a remake of hitchock's 1934 movie of the same title, dr. ben mckenna (james stewart) â? the man who knows too much - and his wife jo mckenna (doris day) are holidaying in morocco with their son hank (christopher oslen) when there is a case of mistaken identity and caught up in the web of an assassination plot. the conspirators go to extreme lengths to prevent them from interfering with their plot: kidnapping their beloved hank.<br /><br />i found it surprising that doris day, who i usually associate with rock hudson comedies, was cast in a hitchcock film. as i was watching it, i soon realized that this was more of a family film compared to hitchcock's other works (example: psycho) and she had singing ability needed to pull off "que sera sera", which she did beautifully. she was well cast as herself and james stewart had chemistry, which helped make the couple believable.<br /><br />in comparison to the great director's other works i believe this isn't as good, but it is still a exceedingly entertaining family thriller/mystery. there is also the added bonus of que sera sera, which turned out to be a smash hit for doris day. well directed, well acted. a fine film.i've been strangely attracted to this film since i saw it on showtime sometime in the early 80's. i say strangely because it is rather a ludicrous bit of soft-core fluff, a genre i'm not particularly interested in. the dialogue is pompously and nonsensically philosophical (making sense, no doubt, only to it's franco-italian producers)and the plot completely extraneous. what it does achieve is a wonderfully hypnotic and thoroughly pleasant mood. the scenery (the beautiful philippines), soft-focus nudity and wonderful score all contribute to a strange and extremely watchable exercise in a sort of film making seldom seen today. it is truly one of my great "guilty pleasures". i was fortunate enough to find it on an old laserdisc and have watched it more times than i think is healthy. a worthwhile moodpiece.ostensibly a story about the young child of jimmy stewart and doris day. the kid gets kidnapped to keep his parents quiet. they know something about a plot to assassinate the ambassador of an unnamed country during a performance at albert hall in london.<br /><br />the movie is rich in hitchcockian incidents. a friendly but opaque frenchman seems to grill the innocent stewart -- a doctor from indiana -- a little too intensely to be merely idly curious. later the frenchman shows up in arab disguise, a knife in his back, and whispers some information about the murder plot to stewart. stewart tells his wife -- doris day looking very saucy indeed -- but refuses to cooperate with the police and risk his son's life.<br /><br />instead the couple try to track down the assassins, buy them off, and get their son back, taking them from morocco, where hitchcock has given us his usual tourist's eye view of the customs, locations, and food, to london. there is a hilarious wild goose chase involving a set-to between stewart and the staff of a taxidermy shop. the staff are more concerned about guarding their half-stuffed specimens than anything else, and they shuffle around protectively holding the carcasses of a leopard and a swordfish. in the course of the scuffle, stewart manages to save his throat from being cut by the swordfish bill, but is bitten on the hand by a stuffed tiger, the action boosted along by bernard hermann's bumptious score. the scene ends with stewart rushing out the door. hitchcock ends it with a shot of a lion's head gaping at the slammed door. there is also a running gag, well done, about some visitors waiting around the couple's hotel room in london, waiting for things to be explained.<br /><br />there are two serious issues that are lightly touched on. one is the relationship between stewart and day, which is not as rosy as it ought to be, considered as a bourgeois ideal. she's been a stage musical star for some years and is internationally known. and she's given it all up to marry an ordinary guy who happens to be a doc. that's understandable in, say, a nurse or a flight attendant or almost any woman other than an international star with a promising career in her own right. it isn't delved into, but the edginess is noticeable, as it was not in the original version. it reminds me a little of an exchange between joe dimaggio and his then-wife marilyn monroe, who had just returned from entertaining the troops in korea. "oh, joe," she gushed, "did you ever see ten thousand people stand up and cheer?" "seventy thousand," muttered joe, former hero of the new york yankees.<br /><br />the second problem is one of allegiance. who is of greater social value? one's own young son? or an unknown ambassador. do we put ourselves or our loved ones at risk for the sake of national stability? day is faced with this dilemma in its starkest form at the climax in the albert hall. her solution opts for allegiance to political stability, although her motives are problematic. does she scream to save the ambassador's life, or does she do so just to release the anxiety that is overwhelming her? (cf: alec guiness falling on the detonator at the end of "the bridge on the river kwai.") the photography is extremely good, and the settings can be menacing, even on a quiet street in a residential neighborhood of london. it's mid-day, and stewart is alone and determined, but frightened too. there are footsteps echoing on gulliver street from someone, somewhere. is he being followed? is his life in danger? and where the hell is everybody who lives on this street? hitchcock pays such close attention to location details that we can make out the garden wall bonding of the bricks beside him.<br /><br />the director had a rare disagreement with francois truffaut while being interviewed for truffaut's otherwise laudatory book. truffaut argued that the earlier version of "the man who knew too much" lacked the depth of the later version. hitchcock replied, "it seems to me you want me to make films for the art house audience," but finally agreed that the 1930s version was the work of a talented amateur and this version was the work of a professional. no argument there.<br /><br />this is hitchcock pretty much near his zenith."the man who knew too much" falls into that hitchcock middle ground that characterized many of his films during the 1950s: not a masterpiece of suspense by any means, but an awful lot of fun nonetheless.<br /><br />james stewart and doris day play a vacationing couple who get caught up in a plot heavy on foreign intrigue. the famous climactic scene takes place at a classical music concert, where someone is going to be assassinated during a particular cymbal clash in the score. the impish hitchcock of course lets us know what that point is, so that the race to stop the assassin becomes a nail biting race against the cymbalist.<br /><br />so much of this movie reminded me of the 1978 chevy chase/goldie hawn comedy "foul play" that i have to believe that film was inspired by this. neither film is a big deal, but both are easy to enjoy.<br /><br />grade: b+dr. ben mckenna (james stewart) and jo mckenna (doris day) travel to morocco for a holiday where they meet a mysterious man named louis bernard (daniel gã©lin) on a bus.the next day this man is murdered, but before he dies he tells ben a secret; an assassination will take place in london.the crooks kidnap the couple's son hank (christopher olsen) making sure ben won't reveal their plan to anybody.alfred hitchcock's the man who knew too much (1956) is a very intense thriller.the acting is superb as it always is in hitchcok's films.james stewart is marvelous.doris day is a delightful person and actress and she gets to show her singing talents as well.the song que sera, sera has an important part in the movie.this movie is a movie of many classic scenes.in the final scenes at the albert hall, done without dialogue, you can barely blink your eyes.this movie is fifty years old now.time hasn't decreased its power in any way.hitchcock's remake of his 1934 film concerns about the known story of mckenna marriage(james stewart, doris day, in the first version leslie banks, edna best) along with their 11-years-old son travelling through morocco during vacations. in a bus they know a sympathetic french person(daniel gelin, in the old version pierre fresnay). while they are in marrakech they also know a couple(bernard miles and brenda de banzie) and happen suddenly on the scene of a killing, the dying whispers a political message.then the child is abducted to ensure their silence and mckenna gets help to morocco's inspector buchanan(ralph truman).<br /><br />this is a superb movie about a family who stumbles on to an obscure international conspiracy and then they're forced into action is excellently played by james stewart and doris day. this exciting film displays suspense, intrigue, tension, and interesting drama well written by john michael hayes and charles bennett . packs an ordinary theme of the suspense magician: innocent people become caught up in a cobweb intrigue and uncanny, intelligent villains. colorful and glimmer cinematography shot in morocco and london studios by cameraman robert burks, though with excessive transparency for marrakech scenes. lavish sets by henry bunstead, hitchcock's usual, and working until his recent death. of course,the highlights are the happenings of the famous royal albert hall of london assassination where a sneering killer, reggie nalder, tries to execute while composer bernard herrmann is conducting orchestra. besides at the climax doris day singing â¨que sera, que seraâ¨, meantime her son suffering risks, the song won oscar for ray evans, jay livingstone . the story was ferociously reviewed for its double characters but today is considered a classic movie and fairly entertaining. rating : better than average, hitchcock's enthusiastic no doubt will enjoy it.i put this second version of "the man who knew too much" to my top 10 hitchcock movies. together with "frenzy", it's probably the most argued film among the fans of hitchcock. i consider it far better than, say, "rebecca", which has gained unreasonably much appreciation.<br /><br />the film contains many ingenious scenes (most of them have been mentioned in other reviews), but that's something to be expected from hitchcock. it takes almost half an hour until things really start to happen, but that time is used for preparing the following happenings, which are full of intriguing suspense.<br /><br />if you can ignore the clumsy rear projections, the only weakness of this film is the main villain, played by bernard miles, who is a rather flat and undeveloped character. luckily, there is a creepy assassin in the form of reggie nalder. and hank, the little boy, isn't as irritating as most kids in old movies.the movie, which was directed by alfred hitchcock, was brilliantly made. it starts with a family of three, a doctor (james stewart), his wife (doris day)- who is a former stage singer, and their young son- my guess is about 10 years old, who are traveling through morroco for leisure. on the bus, the bump into a french government agent, and they are a little too nice to him. he is killed at the marketplace after finding out the information he sought. he wants to carry this information out to someone, so he goes to the only person he, even slightly, knows: james stewart. the antagonists kidnap their young boy and say if he tells anything about what the agent told him, his son would be killed. stewart has to travel to london, because that is where his son is, and where the assasination that the agent told him about would be. the movie is very suspenseful. there are many twists and turns (typical hitchcock movie). also, it has just the right amount of comic relief. in addition to all of that, it won an oscar for doris day's performance of "que sara, sara." this movie is very good. it is hard to find a problem about it. i would certainly reccomend it to all hitchcock fans and all suspense fans. i give this movie an "a-" only because it is a little bit predictable."the man who knew too much" (1955) is alfred hitchcock's own remake of his 1934 thriller about a married couple (james stewart and doris day) on vacation in morocco where they got caught up in a nightmare that include murder, espionage, assassinations and the worst of all, kidnapping of their 10-years-old son. the movie which hitchcock himself considered superior to the original is a great fun. stewart and day have a good chemistry together. the film is filled with the wonderful comical scenes and dialogues as well as the scenes of chilling suspense. <br /><br />the inclusion of "que sera, sera" proved to be a stroke of genius because rarely the song fits the content and plays such an important role in the movie like "que sera, sera" did in "the man who knew too much". <br /><br />hitchcock also treats us to the live music playing from arthur benjamin "storm cloud cantata" for almost ten minutes while scene in london's royal albert hall where the assassination of a very important politician was attempted takes place and both, the scene and the cantata are simply marvelous.a film that tends to get buried under prejudice and preconception - it's a remake! doris day is in it! she sings! - hitchcock's second crack at 'the man who knew too much' is his most under-rated film, and arguably a fully fledged masterpiece in its own right.<br /><br />this is, in more ways than one, doris day's film. not only does she give the finest performance of her career, more than holding her own against james stewart, but the whole film is subtly structured around her character rather than his. this is, after all, a film in which music is both motif and plot device. what better casting than the most popular singer of her generation? consider: day's jo mckenna has given up her career on the stage in order to settle down with her husband and raise their son. this seems to be a mutual decision, and she doesn't appear to be unhappy. but look at the way stewart teases her in the horse-drawn carriage over her concerns about louis bernard, implying that she is jealous that bernard wasn't asking her any questions about her career. this is clearly a recurrent joke between them - she responds with a 'har-de-har-har' that denotes the familiarity of this gag, suggesting that she has a certain latent resentment about her confinement, and that they both realise it.<br /><br />after their son has been kidnapped, stewart insists on doping her before giving her the news. this is a cruel scene, brilliantly played by both actors, which illustrates the power imbalance in their marriage - he is seeking to control and subdue her reactions, in essence using his professional knowledge to suppress her voice in the marriage just as his medical career has suppressed her singing career.<br /><br />the potency of that voice is demonstrated in the ambrose chapel sequence, when she has to reign in its highly trained clarity and volume to blend in with the congregation of female drudges - they almost act as a warning of what will become of her if she continues to suppress her talent. at the albert hall, it is her need to cry out, to exercise those impressive lungs, that saves a man's life, and in the embassy finale, it is her talent and reputation that allows them to locate their son. by contrast, all of stewart's masculine activity is counterproductive - his visit to the taxidermist is a dead end, he gets left behind at the church whilst everyone else moves on to the albert hall, and his efforts there only succeed in getting the assassin killed, thus depriving the police of potentially useful information. it is only when his action is joined to his wife's voice, in the rescue of hank from the embassy, that he actually succeeds in doing something useful.<br /><br />far from being forced into the film to give day an opportunity to sing, 'que sera sera' acts as the first musical device in the film, foreshadowing the nightmare that is about to engulf the mckennas; 'the future's not ours to see' indeed. it also neatly prepares the way for the finale, in which the close bond mother and son share through music will allow doris to save the day.<br /><br />the most famous sequence in the film makes music the central feature - the build up to the assassination attempt in the albert hall. this lengthy wordless sequence may be the single most extraordinary thing hitchcock committed to film, the ultimate expression of his belief that films should be stories told visually. we see people conduct conversations in this sequence, but we never hear a word they say. we don't need to - the images say everything. it is also his most exquisite suspense sequence, with the pieces moving slowly into place as the music builds. the editing is incredibly tight, matched to the music perfectly. there isn't a frame out of place - anything that doesn't relate directly to the assassination is giving the viewer a sense of the environment, the geography in which all this is playing out. it builds slowly, but by the end the suspense is nearly unbearable. when jo screams, it isn't just a relief for her, but for the audience.<br /><br />the ambrose chapel sequence is witty, and particularly effective for anyone who has had to sit through a service at a particularly stick-in-the-mud nonconformist church. the embassy sequence seems a little flat after the albert hall one that preceded it on first viewing, but second time around actually seems more effective, with the final walk at gunpoint really benefiting from the gorgeous use of day singing in the background, reminiscent of the music-as-ambient-noise in 'rear window'. the score as a whole is subtle, allowing the music from on-screen sources to be foregrounded effectively.<br /><br />bernard miles is a low-key villain, a little banal, but with a dry wit. he's outshone by brenda de banzie as his wife, who walks a fine line between sinister and sympathetic. just look at the way she smokes a cigarette whilst her husband preps the assassin - her stance is pure gangster's moll, belying the middle-england exterior, but she clearly has a soft side, and possibly maternal feelings towards hank.<br /><br />stewart is excellent, although if hitchcock really did always cast him as 'everyman', as the director's daughter seems to think, then it confirms that hitchcock had a cynical view of his audience. stewart played a hypocritical intellectual who espoused fascist ideology in rope, a voyeur who mistreated his girlfriend in rear window and an obsessive necrophiliac in vertigo. day is nothing short of phenomenal. just look at her reaction to the news that her son has been kidnapped - she never overdoes anything, but neither does she sell it short. this is one of hitchcock's most emotionally effective films. he never lets us forget what the stakes are for the mckennas; they feel the most fully human of all his central characters.many reviewers seem to prefer the original version of the man who knew too much, which i have not had the opportunity to view. by itself, the '56 version is a very well done film. the run of mid-to-late fifties hitchcock films (including "rear window", "dial m for murder", "vertigo", and "to catch a thief", as well as this film) is one of my favorite periods in his career. in the man who knew too much, jimmy stewart throws himself vigorously into his role as always. doris day is very believable in the role of an atypical hitchcock blond. i thought there was nothing fake about her performance. her character may not have been written as strongly as the original, but she's definitely not reduced to the role of a passive, "yes, dear", pretty thing on jimmy stewart's arm.<br /><br />there were some really clever lines written for hank (the couple's son who later gets kidnapped) in the opening scene on the bus- it's too bad christopher olsen read them so woodenly. it's rare to see a good performance from a child actor in the 50s, though. most of the rest of the supporting actors in this film were very competent, though- most notably the assassin (played by reggie nalder). <br /><br />some little touches that make this film undeniably hitchcockian- the use of non-english dialog, especially french (something hitch did on a much larger scale in "to catch a thief"); the use of foreboding, arabic music in the hotel when the assassin appears; stewart and day talking to each other in the church, singing their words to the tune of the hymn; the albert hall scene, specifically showing the musicians and the assassin's accomplice following the score, building up tension, as well as the percussionist getting the cymbals ready; and finally the assassin's gun as it appears from behind the curtain. it moves so slowly and precisely that it must have been done mechanically (an effect hitch used at the end of "spellbound", also).<br /><br />all in all, the man who knew too much is a fun film to watch. it's not as deep or as heavily laden with symbolism as some of his films ("vertigo", "strangers on a train"), but all the same it is one of my top five hitchcock masterpieces.alfred hitchcock shows originality in the remake of his own 1934 british film, "the man who knew too much". this 1956 take on the same story is much lighter than the previous one. mr. hitchcock was lucky in having collaborators that went with him from one film to the next, thus keeping a standard in his work. robert burks did an excellent job with the cinematography and george tomasini's editing shows his talent. ultimately, bernard herrmann is seen conducting at the magnificent royal albert hall in london at the climax of the picture.<br /><br />james stewart was an actor that worked well with mr. hitchcock. in this version, he plays a doctor from indiana on vacation with his wife and son. when we meet him, they are on their way to marrakesh in one local bus and the intrigue begins. his wife is the lovely doris day at her best. she had been a well known singer before her marriage and now is the perfect wife and mother. the film has some good supporting cast, brenda debanzie, bernard miles, daniel gelin, alan mowbray, among others, do a great job in portraying their characters.<br /><br />although this is a "light hitchcock", one can't dismiss it as a failure. "the man who knew too much" is a change of pace for hitchcock's fans.distributor: goodtimes home video <br /><br />plot: a pretty high school student is marked for unrelenting terror in this suspense filled made for tv movie. gail osborne is new in town. she makes friends, has a boyfriend and everything seems to be going her way. that is until she gets an ominous and frightening phone call while babysitting. after more and more phone calls, she is raped. throughout most of the movie, she tries to find proof that the person did rape her.<br /><br />audio/video: this 1987 vhs edition from goodtimes stinks. there are constant lines at the bottom and top of the screen.<br /><br />extras: no extras from goodtimes home video.<br /><br />final thoughts: this suspense filled made for tv movie was made in 1978, so don't expect many deaths (there are none). if you can find this movie with the worldvision home video logo on the front, then buy it. but the goodtimes version is pretty crappy. this can be a little boring, but if you are patient, the ending is pretty good.many people have the irritating habit of dying before completing a vital message, thus confusing the hero, not to mention the audience...<br /><br />dr. ben mckenna (james stewart) and his wife jo, a former musical star (doris day) are vacationing in morocco with their son, hank (christopher olsen), when they meet mr. and mrs. drayton, a british couple (brenda de banzie and bernard miles). they are also befriended by a charming frenchman, louis bernard (daniel gelin), who invites them to dinner but then cancels at the last minute...<br /><br />the mackennas go to a restaurant and end up having their meal with the draytons, when they spot louis bernard... <br /><br />the next day in the market place, they are caught in an assassination intrigue... while they are wandering in the local market, the crowds suddenly scatter to reveal an arab fleeing from his pursuers... dr. mckenna stands amazed as the arab falls into his arms, a knife sticking out of his back... <br /><br />gulping his last breath, the dying man mutters some words and collapses... dr. mckenna is completely taken aback when the arab's hood falls from his head and he is revealed as bernard in disguise... mckenna is left knowing too little, but as far as the assassins are concerned, too much...<br /><br />to prevent dr. mckenna from revealing what he knows, the conspirators kidnap his son as a hostage... the film is primarily concerned with the dilemma of kidnappingâ?how to get the little boy back safely... the subplot about the assassination is just the setup...<br /><br />the film is a breathless escapade... the death of bernard comes suddenly and points out that death comes when we least expect it... <br /><br />stewart is charged with emotion as the midwestern doctor, accidentally involved in political intrigue... his perceptive facial expressions and indignant delivery made him convincingly humanâ?a person we could easily identify with... it is his temperament that actually sets the pace for the entire film... <br /><br />by 1956, the lovely doris day had won increasing esteem as an actress as well as a singer... she had been particularly strong opposite james cagney in the ruth etting's biopic, 'love me or leave me,' but she was still unsure of her basic thespian talents...<br /><br />the casting of character actor reggie malder as the assassin, is brilliant... the man looks like a menace and his effusive portrayal radiates evil...alfred hitchcock's more assured telling of a film he made twenty-one years earlier is infinitely superior to the original. hitchcock said himself that his first version was the work of an amateur, and although it certainly isn't a bad film, he does appear to be right. that being said, this remake, although definitely better, still isn't among hitchcock's best work. that's certainly not to say that it isn't good, it's just more than a little overindulgent, and that drags it down. hitchcock seems all too keen to drag certain elements out, and these are parts of the film that aren't entirely relevant to the plot, which can become annoying. some of these dragged out sequences, such as the one that sees james stewart and doris day eating in a moroccan restaurant are good because it helps establish the different culture that our american protagonists have found themselves in, but for every restaurant scene, there's an opera sequence and it's the latter that make the film worse.<br /><br />the plot follows a middle-aged doctor and his wife that go to morocco for a holiday with their young son. while there, they meet a french man on the bus and another middle-aged couple in a restaurant. however, things go awry when the french man dies from a knife in the back, shortly after whispering something to the doctor. the holiday then turns into a full blown nightmare when the couple's son is kidnapped, which causes them to cut it short and go to london in order to try and find him. the film has a very potent degree of paranoia about it, and it manages to hold this all the way through. in fact, i would even go as far as to say that this is the most paranoid film that hitchcock ever made. like most of hitchcock's films, this one is very thrilling and keeps you on the edge of your seat for almost the entire duration, with only the aforementioned opera sequence standing out as a moment in which the tension is diffused. there is also more than a little humour in the movie, which gives lighthearted relief to the morbid goings on, and actually works quite well.<br /><br />the original version of this story was lent excellent support by the fantastic peter lorre. this film doesn't benefit from his presence, unfortunately, but that is made up for by performances from the amazing james stewart, and doris day. james stewart is a man that is always going to be a contender for the 'greatest actor of all time' crown. his collaborations with hitchcock all feature mesmerising performances from him, and this one is no different. (although his best performance remains the one in mr smith goes to washington). stewart conveys all the courage, conviction and heartbreak of a man that has lost his child and would do anything to get him back brilliantly. in fact, that's one of the best things about this film; you are really able to feel for the couple's loss throughout and that serves in making it all the more thrilling. doris day, on the other hand, is a rather strange casting choice for this movie. she's definitely a good actress, but she's more associated with musicals and seeing her in a thriller is rather odd (even if she does get to flex her vocal chords a little).<br /><br />as i've mentioned; this is not hitchcock's best film, but there's much to enjoy about it and although i'd recommend many hitchcock films before recommending this one, i'll definitely give it two thumbs up as well.the original the man who knew too much brought alfred hitchcock acclaim for the first time outside of the united kingdom. of course part of the reason for the acclaim was that folks marveled how hitchcock on such a skimpy budget as compared to lavish hollywood products was able to provide so much on the screen. the original film was shot inside a studio.<br /><br />for whatever reason he chose this of all his films to remake, hitchcock now with an international reputation and a big hollywood studio behind him (paramount)decided to see what the man who knew too much would be like with a lavish budget. this is shot on location in marrakesh and london and has two big international names for box office. this was james stewart's third of four hitchcock films and his only teaming with doris day and her only hitchcock film.<br /><br />i do wonder why hitchcock never used doris again. at first glance she would fit the profile of blond leading ladies that hitchcock favored. possibly because her wholesome screen image was at odds with the sophistication hitchcock also wanted in his blondes. <br /><br />doris does some of her best acting ever in the man who knew too much. her best scene is when her doctor husband james stewart gives her a sedative before telling her their son has been kidnapped by an english couple who befriended them in morocco. stewart and day play off each other beautifully in that scene. but doris especially as she registers about four different emotions at once. <br /><br />day and stewart are on vacation with their son christopher olsen in morocco and they make the acquaintance of frenchman daniel gelin and the aforementioned english couple, bernard miles and brenda dabanzie. gelin is stabbed in the back at a market place in marrakesh and whispers some dying words to stewart about an assassination to take place in albert hall in london. their child is snatched in order to insure their silence.<br /><br />for the only time i can think of a hit song came out of a hitchcock film. doris in fact plays a noted singer who retired from the stage to be wife and mother. the song was que sera sera and i remember it well at the age of 9. you couldn't go anywhere without hearing it in 1956, it even competed with the fast rising elvis presley that year. que sera sera won the academy award for best song beating out such titles as true love from high society and the title song from around the world in 80 days. it became doris day's theme song for the rest of her life and still is should she ever want to come back.<br /><br />in fact the song is worked quite nicely into the plot as doris sings it at an embassy party at the climax.<br /><br />instead of doing it with mirrors, hitchcock shot the assassination scene at the real albert hall and like another reviewer said it's not directed, it's choreographed. you'll be hanging on your seats during that moment.<br /><br />this was remake well worth doing.anyone who has ever gone on an audition can certainly relate to this one. great story of an aspiring actor and the pressures he must deal with both personally and professionally in order to make it to the big time. lou myers, as half-step wilson, provides many hilarious moments.many funny scenes about the people that you don't normally pay attention to in a movie and what they have to do to get work and what happens once they do. lou myers was very funny as half-step wilson. any guy that has a tight group of friends can relate to many of the non-movie related scenes scattered throughout the movie.fun story of a regular guy with big dreams, this low budget film really hits home showing what it is like trying to become an acting success. great performances by lou myers and brian's neighbor, alex. i giggled alot and even cried a little.<br /><br />i thought this was a really cute movie - inspiring (makes me want to try acting)- i love kelly ripa and it's nice that i can watch this in addition to all my children - i've already watched it 3 times! of course i also loved seeing joe barbara - especially since another world went off the air!this movie was so heart warming. a true testament to an actors real life everyday ups and downs.it was truly a wonderful experience to share the passion of the actor on film and respect for what it must have taken off screen. this film is a reminder to everyone to go for there dreams!never give up!hurray for the stand -in!!!a superman cartoon<br /><br />a huge shipment of gold is being sent across country by train. using ultra-modern techniques, a sophisticated gang of hooded thieves try to waylay the gold. with intrepid reporter lois lane as the only passenger on board, it's superman to the rescue. but now that it's become a runaway train, can even he stop the billion dollar limited?<br /><br />this was another in the series of excellent cartoons max fleischer produced for paramount studio. they feature great animation and taut, fast-moving plots. meant to be shown in movie theaters, they are miles ahead of their saturday morning counterparts.millions in gold is traveling by train to the us treasury. traveling along is lois lane to report on it. along the way the train is attacked by masked thieves. they detach the car with the armed guards in it and attack the remaining ones. this leads to a vicious fight between the remaining guards and the thieves. the thieves overpower them but then lois lane jumps in. she beats the thieves off the train (at one point using a gun) but the train starts to careen out of control. lois can't stop it and the thieves will stop at nothing to get the gold. good thing superman is on the way!<br /><br />fast, exciting, non-stop action. probably one of the best of all the cartoons. just great.there is a lot to like in this film, despite its humble trappings of a preachy pc tale about rape and the perp always faring better than the victim. the movie did create a fair bit of suspense in the mystery surrounding who was sending the notes. (i, for one, was sure it was the teacher. in fact, that would have been more probable plot-wise because the idea of the best-friend's boy-friend kind of came out of nowhere. i guess the point of that is that "rape is omnipresent. you never know who it is going to be".) ms. beller is luminous as always (yet see kb discussion board for my qualification of this statement). like all preachy films the plot lasts 15 minutes past the climax so you might want to quit watching at that point. unless you are really curious to find out what happens to phillip. blythe danner, as the mom, is in the role she was born to play: the fretting, over-protective mom. some good 70s scenes for 70s fans. (the dark bar that the father goes to in order to drink away his pain is all dark-stained beams, barrels, oak and cork). a must for beller fans and highly recommended for fans of 70s high school melodrama or 70s kitsch in general.when one watches the animated superman shorts of the 1940s, the similarity of the plots can become a bit boring - the adversary is most often a mad scientist in a hidden headquarter, threatening metropolis with some evil invention - death rays, mechanical monsters, electric earthquake, magnetic telescope, what have you.<br /><br />this one is refreshingly different. the bad ones drive around in a car, shooting and bombing, but the center of action is the gold train (on which lois lane travels, as the only press reporter, it seems). train movies have their own typical ingredients, from the 1903 great train robbery on, and quite some are featured here: decoupling cars in motion, running on the roofs, taking the steam locomotive from the tender in the back, fighting with the engineer, a switch turned to deroute the train on a side track, the fall (of people or the whole train) from a high bridge... it's all in the few minutes of this lovely piece.<br /><br />but it wouldn't be a superman film if he didn't do some incredible feats (involving balancing and high-precision placement) to ultimately win the day. if you're a fan of train movies, don't miss this. it's in the public domain and can be legally downloaded from archive.org.while all of the fleischer/famous studios "superman" cartoons are excellent, "billion dollar limited," the third in the series, is probably the best of the lot in terms of overall animation, plot, and pacing. why it wasn't even nominated for an oscar as best animated short for 1942 (incredibly enough, only the first one was) in inexplicable.<br /><br />here, lois lane is assigned to cover the transfer of one billion dollars in gold to the u.s. mint. masked gangsters in their super-powered (for 1942) car take off after the train, determined to get that gold. without giving too much away, what ensues is a thrill ride for both the characters and the audience, with truth, justice, and superman triumphant at the end.<br /><br />as they did in all the fleischer/famous superman cartoons, clayton "bud" collyer and joan alexander, who played clark kent/superman and lois lane on radio, have the voice work honors here, and fleischer perennial jack mercer gets a little to do as one of the bad guys, as well.i was swept into this series just as surely as the sea would sweep me into its grip. although it started out slowly, i found that the realism in depicting the ship, the variety of characters and lively dialogue keep me watching. the protagonist was destined to be challenged, grow and change on this voyage and i wanted to be there for it. i was not disappointed. the series took you from humor to tragedy and everything in-between, often in the same scene, the same breath. there was a wealth of emotional overlaying, interaction and expression--relentless and compelling to observe. the movement of the ship added an almost fanciful component to the many scenes, making the characters ill one moment and adding humor the next.<br /><br />edmund talbot is a complex character, the likes of which we don't see often. we may know where the captain stands or mr. prettiman, but they are older men, set in their ways. talbot was young and arrogant, still learning, testing himself and being tested. he struggled getting along with others and made mistakes like a real person would but had a heart that could be touched, that grew with each hard-taught experience. i appreciate the excellent characterization; it's too rare in movies and television.meticulously constructed and perfectly played, to the ends of the earth is a simply astonishing voyage out of our reality and into another age.<br /><br />based on william golding's trilogy, these three 90-minute films chronicle the journey towards both australia and experience of youthful aristocrat edmund talbot (benedict cumberbatch) aboard an aging man o' war in the early 19th century as he heads for a government position down under.<br /><br />among the crew and hopeful emigrants sharing his passage are a tempestuous, bullying captain (jared harris), a politically radical philosopher (sam neill), a canny 1st lieutenant who's worked his way up from the bottom (jamie sives) and, fleetingly, the first brush of love in the form of a beautiful young woman (joanne page) whose ship literally passes in the night.<br /><br />quite aside from the astonishing degree of physical historic accuracy, director david attwood and screenwriters tony basgallop and leigh jackson have a canny eye and ear for the manners and stiff etiquette of an earlier time, crafting a totally convincing microcosm of the napoleonic era.<br /><br />shipboard life is one brutal, monotonous round of seasickness, squalor and danger after another and as edmund becomes entangled in the loves, hopes and miseries of his fellow passengers he experiences a delirious whirl of life's hardships, man's inhumanities and his noblest sentiments.<br /><br />those who enjoyed master and commander: the far side of the world or patrick o'brian's series of novels on which it was based will love this â? for everyone else, it's a whole new world to discover.i saw the second part of this beautiful period piece set on a ship sometime in the 19th century. golding's book must be responsible for some of the superb dialogue but everything else was good too! i especially liked the way they created the period and feeling of being on the ship so well. for me this had a feeling of completeness about it which i know i won't be able to convey in words... perhaps it was the way they mixed in technical and historical details about sailing in the eighteen hundreds to the story without messing it up. benedict cumberbatch was excellent, as was the rest of the cast. it's not often a mini-series sends me to the "zone", but this one did.the three-part series ended last night on pbs, which i believe was its first wide exposure to an american audience. the richness of its text and the unique quality of its filming are high points. it seems very novel to view and hear an action play employing the vernacular of georgian england, jane austen's filmed drawing rooms being the primary example of that form of speech. yet it is the scope of drama overwhelming the senses that makes quaint language fit perfectly into each and every scene. such bold exposure to an old reality is evocative of literary giants like tolstoy or shakespeare while at the same time entertaining in the manner of a c. s. forester or patrick o'brian sea saga. the universality of basic human condition lies at its center.<br /><br />narrator talbot as played by an actor with the almost perfectly appropriate name of benedict cumberbatch (surely not even dickens could beat that one!) alternates between stodgy jingoism and extreme vulnerability, an acting tour de force. indeed, i cannot recall among this very fine cast any misstep of interpretation. that is a tribute not only to the actors themselves, but to the director as well.<br /><br />the most impressive element, however, is how perfectly life aboard a man-of-war en route to australia in the early 1800's is presented. that is especially true of how the motion of the ship becomes almost a character itself, something sea stories rarely take into account except as backdrop. anyone who has ever experienced mal de mer in person will recognize it instantly, and appreciate all the more how difficult it must have been to recreate within the context of filming.<br /><br />this is no fanciful pirates of the caribbean. some effort must be expended in attaining an understanding of its nuances.this is the best 3-d experience disney has at their themeparks. this is certainly better than their original 1960's acid-trip film that was in it's place, is leagues better than "honey i shrunk the audience" (and far more fun), barely squeaks by the muppetvision 3-d movie at disney-mgm and can even beat the original 3-d "movie experience" captain eo. this film relives some of disney's greatest musical hits from aladdin, the little mermaid, and others, and brought a smile to my face throughout the entire show. this is a totally kid-friendly movie too, unlike "honey..." and has more effects than the spectacular "muppetvision"it's not a movie, but an experience!<br /><br />not the usual eye candy i thought it would be. too many things are happening at once, your senses almost couldn't handle it. a product of cutting-edge technology (we were torn between just sitting back to enjoy the show and putting our 3d glasses on and off to decipher the magic), the music is great (it's a concert!), the disney characters are in it (and you get to be part of their world), it's funny, it's magical, it's exciting--i know this is beginning to sound like an advertisement--but it really is that awesome! beats christmas in bringing out the kid in you!<br /><br />this attraction alone already makes going to disney all worth it. ;)i'm not a disney fan at all, but i happen to be in orlando for a friend's wedding. so my traveling partner and i went to disney for a few days. i haven't seen a good 3-d effect in, well..ever. so i usually try to stay away from these presentations. the 3-d effect in this was so good. i'm a grown man of 38, and even i wanted to try and reach out and touch. it's that good! word of advice. at the end, look to the back of the theater on the wall. put it like this...the first time i saw it, the effect wasn't working. so i told my friend..."it would have been nice if...." my friend said, "that's exactly what happens. it's not working for some reason." it's an awesome show. you will not be disappointed!!!i recently visited the magic kingdom as an adult with my mom, her best friend and my adult sister. disney world is often mistakenly perceived as a place for just children, but when you see quality shows like mickey's philharmagic, you realize that the magic of disney is for everyone! it was such a great show that we left the theater and turned around and got in line again. and then a third time. it was absolutely breathtaking. i would encourage anyone who goes to disney world to check out this show, which is not just a show but a world wind, fun filled ride with donald as he once again lets his temper get him in trouble!"are you in the house alone?" belongs to the pre-cable tv days when the networks were eager to offer an alternative to popular tv shows. it is well-made thriller with a talented cast and credible situations. kathleen beller plays a high school student who gets a series of threatening letters. everyone seems to think that it is nothing more than a prank but beller is really scared. tony bill and blythe danner play beller's parents, ellen travolta (john's sister) is the high school principal and dennis quaid has one of his earliest roles as a cocky rich kid. it's a competent chiller with a still relevant social message. beller is lovely - if you are 30 or older, you will remember that she was very popular among youngsters. blythe danner, who i usually don't like, gives a truly moving performance. nice little film.this program was on for a brief period when i was a kid, i remember watching it whilst eating fish and chips.<br /><br />riding on the back of the tron hype this series was much in the style of streethawk, manimal and the like, except more computery. there was a geeky kid who's computer somehow created this guy - automan. he'd go around solving crimes and the lot.<br /><br />all i really remember was his fancy car and the little flashy cursor thing that used to draw the car and help him out generally.<br /><br />when i mention it to anyone they can remember very little too. was it real or maybe a dream?this movie is amazing. you will never laugh harder. it's a target. no, i think it's...yes it's...a boob! this movie gets funnier by the second--like when jackie chan's character finally dies in his final fight scene. this movie is velly velly seekwet like treasha! congrats if you buy or rent this. you'll never return it, in my opinion. i didn't, and i haven't found it in a store since. i watched this movie once and i was forever in love with kung-fu action flicks. if you're looking for an amazing film in the realm of great production value, good or even mediocre acting, and good special effects...this is not that movie. if you're looking for laughs and timeless wonderment, pick this up for a dollar and you'll probably never let it go. with friends, popcorn and drinks, it's the perfect evening.the hand of death most definitely rates a ten on a scale of one to- due, in no small part, to john woo's masterful direction, coupled with kat's superb cinematography: some of the leisurely tracking shots alone are worth the price of a rental; there are moments when this one borders on becoming an art-house film. both james tien and sammo hung make for the kind of villains you can't help but love to hate. tien is particularly good as the baddest of the bad. it's a role reversal the likes of which i don't think i've ever seen before (tien normally played a hero and, in fact, with his moustache, i didn't even recognize him at first). sammo's goofy "buck teeth" only make an already unsavory character seem even more flawed; that he also happens to be a skilled martial artist makes him even less likable- in a villain you love to hate kind of way. his choreography of the fight scenes throughout is fantastic. jackie chan appears briefly (early on and late in the going) as a blacksmith, and i believe i actually glimpsed yuen biao somewhere along the way. tan as the lead is nothing less than magnificent.the hand of death aka countdown in kung fu (1976) is a vastly underrated early work by director john woo. the film stars dorian tan (tan tao-liang) and features jackie chan, sammo hung and james tien in significant supporting roles. many people believe, or have been lead to believe by deceptive advertising, that this is a jackie chan film. this is not a jackie chan film, dorian tan is the star but jackie gives one of his best (most serious) early performances.<br /><br />the hand of death is about a shaolin disciple named yunfei (tan) who is sent on a mission to assassinate a shaolin traitor named shih xiaofeng (tien) and protect a revolutionary named zhang yi (woo). along his journey yunfei meets up with a young woodcutter named tan (chan) and a disgraced sword fighter (chang chung) known as "the wanderer." both men have suffered at the hands of shih and want to take revenge. the three team up to defeat shih and his eight bodyguards and escort the revolutionary to safety.<br /><br />the martial arts action is above average under the direction of sammo hung. dorian tan uses his trademark high kicks very effectively as the "northern eighteen styles kicks" along with some "southern five styles boxing." sammo hung and jackie chan provide excellent martial arts performances as well. james tien is not the greatest martial artist on the jade screen but does an acceptable job. some of the early fights are a bit slow and seem over choreographed but the final showdowns featuring chan, tan and hung are very good.<br /><br />director john woo provides plenty of interesting character development in the film, which is refreshing. the cinematography by leung wing kat is very stylish, unique and beautiful for a kung fu film of this era. joseph koo's music: a combination of soft flutes and 70's "shaft" style orchestral pieces is kung fu cinema at its best. hand of death is not jackie and sammo's usual kung fu comedy. hand of death is a serious, straightforward revenge driven story.<br /><br />hand of death aka countdown in kung fu is an underrated classic in the old school kung fu genre. the film is one of the best artistically of its time and a preview of the great things to come from jackie chan and sammo hung. hung's great choreography is put on display here before his directorial debut and chan's early charisma and talent can be clearly seen.<br /><br />hand of death is a solid, stylish old school kung fu film and a brilliant early work of the legendary john woo.<br /><br />kung fu genre rating 7.5/10 <br /><br />wanderer to tan (referring to his new weapon): "the little eagle wing god lance." <br /><br />tan: "just a knickknack."this movie is an evolutionary piece - from terminator to robocop .<br /><br />stan winston did the spfx !<br /><br />in this film, a scientist working in a sinister robotics company with a really creepy boss(they always are) gets is killed by them in a horrible lab explosion and has his brain placed inside an indestructible robot body .<br /><br />the rest of this movie goes on with a romance angle as this cyborg/man regains consciousness and wreaks havoc while trying to communicate with his wife, played by the gorgeous(back then in 1986) terri austin . (he tries to reconnect with his old life, like in that scene in robocop)<br /><br />the rest of this movie is about breaking things, while trying to defeat the evil his evil boss from recapturing him for some ill-defined 'turn humans into cyborgs' project .<br /><br />this film pays homage to previous movies like the day the earth stood still - - as the cyborg breaks free like the giant robot gort does .<br /><br />except for the 'frankenstein suite' designed by stan winston, this movie's production values are typically canadian: sleazy ! ! <br /><br />pam grier stars in this film as an hired killer-commando, a cheap role of the likes she was doing so much of during the 80's .<br /><br />as for a sci-fi horror b movie, out of 4 stars, this film ranks about a <3the combination of amazing special effects and oscar worthy acting makes the vindicator one of the most important sci-fi films of recent years. for some reason still unknown to me this gem was found in a bargain bin, why some worthless human thought it right to dirty a modern classic by relagating to a bargain bin is beyond me. i have never been so terrified by a man in tin foil and random bursts of fire. forget terminator, robocop, aliens, and other films that blaintly ripped off this masterpiece, the vindicator is an unstoppable force.looks as if the robocop writer has been wholesale looting the vindicator. this is a very solid horror/action movie about a man set up in an accident to be used in cruel experiment. anyone who have seen robocop knows the story. watch out for pam grier as a bitchy and darn good looking assassin. this highly effective, violent and bloody horror movie may not be to everyones liking, but this canadian outing is well worth seeking out for anyone who is fan of the genre. 8/10as a fan of robocop, i always loved this movie. i seen it when it first came out, and finally i bought it on dvd from brazil, it was never released in the us on dvd. i like the film, but like everything else in this world, everyone has their opinion, love it or hate it. no matter what a movie does, someone will always say "why didn't they do it another way?" in other words you cant please everyone. if you love robocop, you will love this film. to me, its so unique thats its not cheesy, or silly like a lot of lower budget movies. this film always kept me interested. i can see a few scenes that robocop borrowed from here, but tell me what movies don't do that? a lot of films use other ideas from other movies, and sometimes change them around. fun film!scientist carl lehman (well played by david mcilwraith) gets blown up something terrible in a deliberate chemical explosion. he has his brain transplanted in the body of a nearly indestructible metal cyborg suit by his evil colleagues who are led by wicked obsessive fellow scientist alex whyte (a perfectly hateful portrayal by richard cox). lehman embarks on an all-out killing spree. it's up to nasty mercenary hunter (a wonderfully loathsome turn by the divine pam grier) to put a stop to him. director jean-claude lord, who previously helmed the under-appreciated slasher psycho thriller "visiting hours," stages the plentiful action scenes with considerable verve and maintains a zippy pace throughout, thus ensuring that this flick sizes up as an enjoyably trashy sci-fi/horror action outing. paunchy character thesp maury chaykin easily cops top acting honors as disgusting fat creep burt, who in the movie's single most tasteless sequence has a brutal fistfight with lehman's pregnant wife lauren (a winning performance by the lovely teri austin). stan winston's nifty make-up f/x and paul zaza's thrilling score further add to the overall sleazy fun.ascending to power in 1933, hitler and his "national socialist german workers party", which of course we all know as the nazis, tightened their grip on the country more and more as the time went by. early in their rough-shod trampling of the german people, they called any and all artists, newspaper men and film makers into their nazi hq in order that the may be informed of just what the newly declared "third reich" (aka 'empire') expected of them.<br /><br />when the master director from the german cinema's silent impressionist and expressionist era, mr. fritz lang, was called in to meet with herr goebels; he listened attentively and said nothing. immediately after leaving the minister of propaganda's office, herr lang went directly to the train station and took a passenger directly to paris. not even going back to his residence, fritz lang did not return to germany (at least not until many years later. he remained in france; eventually immigrating to the united states of america.* <br /><br />mr. lang went right to work in america; creating a variety of most enjoyable, solid and substantially literate upper echelon movies for many a year. included in this smã¶rgã¥sbord of titles is today's lucky subject, western union (20th century-fox, 1941).<br /><br />typically a film about the old west and pioneer days needed both quality as well as quantity of cast. western union qualified on both requisites. we are treated to a fine array of starring talent as well as a supporting cast which makes just about every minute and each scene a delight to our senses.<br /><br />heading up the playbill are robert young, randolph scott, dean jagger and virginia gilmore. others prominently displayed are folks like john carradine (playing not a vampire or other scary guy, but a physician), george "slim" summerville (veteran character actor, silent film veteran and graduate of mack sennett's keystone comedies), chill wills (always dependable supporting player and former singer in "the avalon boys") and burly bad guy barton maclane. added to this mix, we have names like russell hicks, victor killian, minor watson, george chandler, addison richards, irving bacon, james flavin, francis ford, frank mcgrath and kermit maynard (ken maynard's bro).<br /><br />prominent in those american indians featured are: chief big tree, chief thundercloud and mr. jay silverheels. also featured is that one great representative of the aboriginal peoples of north america is that great, singularly impressive and memorable example of the red man, the louisiana native, iron eyes cody (born espera decorti of sicilian immigrant parents).<br /><br />the filming of the fine outdoor scenes was done on location in arizona and utah and rendered in the highest grade of technigolour available. (there is no monument valley; but then, that's the province of mr. john ford.) in some respects this film is a far more amazing accomplishment than we might think; for it took a sort of pulp magazine story, adapted it to the tastes and idioms of the pre-war america of the late thirties and early forties. all of this being done by a german born director who was only had been in hollywood and america for the shortest length of time.<br /><br />in its final analysis, western union, while it may not be the most historically accurate example of the western genre; we just don't care. it scores in all of the necessary categories needed for a great night at the movies! so, who really cares about little details such as "accuracy"? <br /><br />we give mr. lang and 20th century-fox a rating of ****!<br /><br />note: * we just saw a special on pbs station wttw, here in chicago that was all about all of the film actors, directors and other artisans whom the nazi rise to power caused to take refuge in america and hollywood. (it seems that movie folks and scientists were the biggest export for germany at this particular time; being that the scientists who built the atomic bomb, as well as the future nasa people, came from europe at this time.) <br /><br />poodle schnitz!!okay, i love this movie!!!!! i watched it over and over again. it is so hard to tell who the attacker is. you keep thinking it's one person, then another, then back to the first person, then another person. it is so suspense full you want to fast forward your tv to the end to see who it is.<br /><br />summary: gail osborne is raped and left at her home. she is in the hospital and begins to tell the story of how she was raped. it goes from her meeting her steady boyfriend, to her teacher who takes a liking to her, to her ex-boyfriend, all different stories, all suspects. but who did it?<br /><br />i love the acting, they have a lot of great talent in here. the suspense is wonderful and the settings are superb. if it comes on tv watch it. *** 1/2 stars 10/10this is a very, very odd film...one that is so odd it's best you just see it for yourself. the film begins with a jaded professor haranguing his class because the students have the audacity to not be as incredibly brilliant as he is! you can tell very quickly that this man is a total cynic--finding the value in practically nothing but sticking to his own inner sense of self-importance. additionally, he seems tired and bored with the monotony of life.<br /><br />later in the film, he walks into a bank robbery and manages to annoy the robbers so much that one of them shoots him in the head. oddly, this is only half-way through the film and what followed was a very bizarre narration of the final seconds of his life. this is when the film becomes exciting because the style of the narration is just like one of this literature professor's novels--one that is intelligently written and says things the way we wish we could all say them.<br /><br />see this weird film--it's amazingly compelling and not like anything i've ever seen before.this western was set in 1861 and had to do with the creation of the first transcontinental wireless lines that were laid by western union. while nice guy dean jagger (sporting lots of hair) did his best to get this done, there was a bad guy just waiting to undo this for his own selfish reasons. so, it's up to either randolph scott or robert young to save the day.<br /><br />this is certainly one of the better 1940s westerns i have seen and it nearly garnered an 8--it was that good. however, for the life of me, i have no idea why fritz lang was assigned to direct this film--after all, he knew nothing about westerns. his forte was drama--and i guess this movie is a drama of sorts--just set in the old west. strange, yes, but it seemed to work out okay, though i wonder how this great german director felt about being given this job.<br /><br />as for the rest of the film, it's exceptional--with vivid color, great location shooting and very good acting. as usual, randolph scott put in another relaxed and realistic performance. i was surprised, though, with robert young being also cast in the film, but it was a good casting decision--he was supposed to be a harvard-educated easterner. when i saw barton maclane was also in the film, i pretty much assumed he'd be the "baddie" and my thoughts were well founded, since he made a career out of playing jerks! as for the script, it seemed pretty ordinary for the most part, but the final showdown between scott and barton maclane was a lot better than i'd hoped--making this movie ending on a very high note.western union tells in melodramatic fashion the stringing of telegraph lines between two points out west. siblings dean jagger and virginia gilmore work for western union, and randolph scott and robert young work for the creightons. indians and some bad white guys get in the way, but nothing can stop america's progress. this sense of manifest destiny is greatly enhanced by a first-rate musical score and vibrant color photography. scott is a bank robber looking to mend his ways, and both he and engineer young vie for the attention of the perky gilmore. lots of great character actors help keep the large production moving forward.this is a sort of hidden gem. it has little to no promotion, no fanfare, no classic status, and it deserves all of the above! one of the great directors of cinema, fritz lang, has created a real gem in this excellent western. a fine cast led by randolph scott (in probably one of his greatest performances), the always sturdy dean jagger, robert young as a surprisingly accomplished dude plus many veteran character actors: chill wills, slim summerville, john carradine, barton maclane and others in an exciting zane grey story of the laying of the western union cable across country. it has tense drama, sprinklings of humor and great effects. it's reminiscent of demille in ways and yet fritz lang leaves his own stamp on it. at very least this is a damned good western!here's another of the 1940's westerns that i watch whenever it comes on tcm or fmc, because although it may be flawed historically, it is extremely entertaining and well acted, plus it's got randolph scott, my favorite actor second only to gary cooper-well, ok, fourth behind coop, charlton heston, and gregory peck. but the film itself, to me anyway, is reasonably historically accurate and as i said before, well acted and "flows" very well-i bet i've seen it 50 or 60 times, and enjoy each viewing more than the one before. i have it on tape from tcm but would buy it in a minute if it ever came out on dvd. see it if you haven't- i guarantee you'll like it!lang does hawks as well as hawks does in the first part of this extraordinary western, before settling down into typical deterministic, dark and guilt-haunted lang for the finale.<br /><br />this is one of those films that shows its greatness almost instantly but at the same time very subtly. vance shaw (randolph scott) is on horseback and being pursued, we know not why -- he stumbles on wounded edward creighton (dean jagger) and decides to take his gun and horse, but discovering that creighton is in a bad way, decides to fix him up first. this is conveyed mostly through facial expressions and very brief, clipped dialog - in 2 minutes we know that shaw is an outlaw, but basically a good guy. shaw ends up helping creighton on his way to civilization, then disappears.<br /><br />cut to a few weeks or months later, with creighton on the mend and in charge of an expedition to lay telegraph wire going west from omaha. he hires shaw as a scout, who tries to leave when he finds out that creighton is in charge; but creighton wants him anyway, repaying a debt and sensing something quality. also hired is a tenderfoot, son of a benefactor of the project, but atypically the easterner richard blake (robert young) is quite competent as he shows right away in an amusing but exciting bronco-busting sequence. both of the hires vie for creighton's sister sue (virginia gilmore) who - again not typically - seems quite as able to take care of herself as any man. the camaraderie between the three men, the comedic elements involving an unwilling cook and various rough and tumble types, and the wonderfully played light romantic elements dominate the first third of the film and reminded me more of howard hawks' "red river" or "only angels have wings" than most lang - but they are so well played and the action progresses so naturally that it doesn't matter, and doesn't alter our pleasure - if it does perhaps change our expectations - as the more usual langian themes of the haunted past, dark secrets and the immense pull of the easier, destructive and evil ways come to dominate the later part of the film. shaw's old pals come back to haunt him as the the wagon train and its wires move westward; attacks mount on the crew, and shaw has to wrestle with what, if anything, he is to tell creighton about his tortured relationship with jack slade (barton maclane), leader of the outlaws.<br /><br />beautifully shot in early technicolor and moving fairly seamlessly from sound stages to western locations, this is for my money easily lang's best western and one of his very best films, conveying as potently as any of his films the tragic inability of men to escape their pasts and build a new future. scott is as good as i've seen him, showing more with a flick of an eye than a lot of actors can do in a paragraph of dialog, and the rest of the cast is uniformly fine. the inevitable showdown between shaw's past criminal life and his potential future is extraordinary, and a surprise even for a longtime lang devotee such as myself; and even in 1941 it seems there was no place more fraught with meaning on the margins of civilization than the barbershop and the dusty street outside. you can get a shave, you can feel like a new man, but you can't really ever be one as long as the old ties are still holding you back.<br /><br />genius.one of the best western movies ever made. unfortunately, it never got the recognition it deserved. the storyline, the action and the music was in my mind, one of the best. i give it a double a+. randolph scott gave a terrific performance along with the other members of the cast. the ending was one of the best of any western made.if western union isn't exactly the real story of the construction of the transcontinental telegraph, it certainly does capture the spirit and dedication of the people involved with the project.<br /><br />dean jagger is the man in charge and one fine day he's thrown from a horse and sustains some fractured ribs. an outlaw on the run, randolph scott, finds jagger and is ready to steal his horse, but changes his mind and brings jagger to help. later on he's hired by western union and works for jagger.<br /><br />jagger also hires a young easterner played by robert young who's an engineer. young is doing one of his few loan out films away from mgm for 20th century fox. both young and scott become friends, but rivals for jagger's sister virginia gilmore.<br /><br />western union has plenty of action, enough to satisfy any western fans. the telegraph crew has to deal with outlaws, indians, and your garden variety labor troubles.<br /><br />slim summerville as the timid cook and victor killian as the frontier character assigned to guard him have some of the funniest scenes. they both provide some good comic relief. <br /><br />fritz lang got good performances from his cast and kept the film moving briskly along. western union is solid western entertainment.i first saw this film in the theater way back in the 40s when i was a kid and always remembered the ending. there is nothing like the first impression but some movies are always a treat each time they are viewed. something just resonates with them. this is one of those films and i agree with another reviewer who said fritz lang should have directed more westerns. to add to it i have always liked randolph scott and robert young. in fact, robert young stars in what i consider my favorite movie if i have to name just one, not an easy thing to do. that film is northwest passage. it led me to the superb historical novels of kenneth roberts. western union likewise led me to reading zane grey's novel which, in this case turned out to be one of those rare cases where i like the movie better than the novel. not that grey's novel is a bad one; i just like the movie story better. the movie in no way resembles the novel. it is a completely different tale, one of the biggest departures from a book i have seen.<br /><br />i can't add much to the other reviews except to say i agree with many of them. i, too, wish it would be released on dvd. "whatever happened to randolph scott happened to the best of me."fritz lang directed two great westerns: "western union" and "the return of frank james". the frank james movie equals "jesse james". "western union" is one of randolph scott's great westerns. i have never seen robert young in a western before; he is terrific as the telegraph employee. this is the only movie i can think of that is about the telegraph company opening up in the west. it is a high-geared story about the telegraph in the west, a triangle love story, and about loyalty. <br /><br />the supporting cast is superb. dean jagger, who made a few westerns, plays the telegraph manager. virginia gilmore, who plays mr. jagger's sister, is the love interest in the movie. ms. gilmore had a short career in movies. she quit films in 1952 and became a drama coach. she is primarily known as the first mrs. yul brynner. it is great to see slim summerville in a movie with mr. scott again. they were in two other great movies: "rebecca of sunnybrook farm" and "jesse james".hard to believe this was directed by fritz lang since he mostly directed crime dramas and mysteries. this movie has a cast that includes robert young, randolph scott, dean jagger and john carradine. scott plays an outlaw who tries to go straight and leave his old gang and winds up saving jagger's life. jagger works for western union, a telegraph company that plans to have telegraphs out west. jagger hires a lot of men to make sure it is done because they have to worry about indian attacks and bandits. scott is in charge of the men and young is a telegraph expert who can't shoot a gun but can ride. scott meets up with his old gang who want to stop them but scott can't tell anyone. it's a pretty good western and lang should of directed some more westerns.doe-eyed high school student kathleen beller is found beaten and<br /><br />raped in the opening scenes of this made for tv movie. the film<br /><br />then flashbacks to the few days before the rape, as beller is<br /><br />harassed by a stranger.<br /><br />beller and scott colomby and her best friend robin mattson and<br /><br />dennis quaid are double dating early on. beller's anxious parents,<br /><br />laid back tony bill and shrill blythe danner, wait at home wringing<br /><br />hands and so on. right away, the 1970's makes its dated<br /><br />entrance, as the young couples discuss the romance and love in<br /><br />"three days of the condor."<br /><br />beller, an amateur photographer, begins getting threatening notes<br /><br />stuffed in her locker at school. the film makers wisely give us a<br /><br />whole slew of suspects: beller's new boyfriend, mattson's<br /><br />boyfriend, beller's dad, beller's ex-boyfriend, and what about that<br /><br />overly friendly photography class teacher who wants beller to be a<br /><br />little more sexy in her self-portraits? i knew who the rapist was<br /><br />because the worldvision video company video box has a picture of<br /><br />the attack on the back cover, destroying any suspense in that<br /><br />regard.<br /><br />without giving away who the attacker is, beller begins getting<br /><br />harassing phone calls, and is eventually raped. the movie then<br /><br />heads south as she makes like nancy drew and secretly sets up<br /><br />a time lapse camera to catch the guy stalking another student.<br /><br />finally, the film makers tack on a hokey ending narration from<br /><br />beller about the lack of understanding for the victims of rape in that<br /><br />day and age.<br /><br />the suspense here is very real, without going over the top into<br /><br />scary movie stuff. beller is very good, and watch for her and<br /><br />mattson's scene in an abandoned theater- both do great jobs. the<br /><br />film is full of familiar faces, including ellen travolta in a small role,<br /><br />and everyone is professional.<br /><br />this was made in 1978, and it shows. i am sure no one had any<br /><br />idea that this would be reviewed in 2001 by an overcritical horror<br /><br />movie lover who needs to get to bed and be up early in the<br /><br />morning, but some of the attitudes here are embarassing. the<br /><br />teacher who tells beller to be sexy is never made to explain what<br /><br />exactly he had in mind. nowadays, if any high school teacher said<br /><br />that, then that would have been a made for tv movie on its own.<br /><br />after beller is raped, the rapist is still a part of her life, as warrants<br /><br />are issued, blah, blah, blah. there may not be a case because<br /><br />beller is not a virgin, and cannot prove she was raped by whom<br /><br />she said. many of these problems have been addressed with<br /><br />modern technology and policing efforts, but this film obviously<br /><br />knew it would have a chance to add to the reform debate. rape is<br /><br />an act of violence that has not gone away, but efforts today to catch<br /><br />the attackers are miles ahead of twenty four years ago. the<br /><br />problem is the anti-rape angle feels tacked on, like an<br /><br />afterthought. before that, we have a tight little suspenser that has<br /><br />real honest to god characterization. after the rape, everything<br /><br />changes, filmwise, and not for the better.<br /><br />i remember beller from the '70's and '80's (and who could forget<br /><br />her revealing role in "the betsy"), but she has not done anything in<br /><br />almost ten years. this is a shame, since she was very good way<br /><br />back then.<br /><br />i will recommend "are you in the house alone?!" based on the<br /><br />acting alone, with a reluctant nod to at least the first two-thirds of<br /><br />the film. if you want to relive 1970's made for tv high school life,<br /><br />this is your cup of tab.<br /><br />this is unrated but contains physical violence, some sexual<br /><br />violence, and some adult situations.while escaping from a heist of a bank, the outlaw vance shaw (randolph scott) helps edward creighton (dean jagger), the chief-engineer of the western union that is surveying the wild west and had had an accident with a horse. in 1861, vance regenerates and is hired to work for the western union with the team that is installing the poles and cable from omaha to salt lake city. vance and the engineer from harvard richard blake (robert young) flirt with the gorgeous edward's sister sue creighton (virginia gilmore) and she chooses vance. however, his past haunts him when the outlaw jack slade (barton maclane) steals the western union cattle disguised of indians.<br /><br />"western union" is a good but predictable western directed by fritz lang. the story shows the difficulties of the brave and idealistic men responsible for installing the telegraph through the west, facing thieves and indians. the entertaining story has action, drama, romance and funny situations, but with the exception of the identity of jack slade, there is no surprise in the story. randolph scott gives another magnificent performance with a great cast. my vote is seven.<br /><br />title (brazil): "os conquistadores" ("the conquerors")i doubt if the real story of the development of western union would ever have gained a real audience. instead of talking about the building of the telegraph system out west, it was the story of board rooms, dominated by one of the most interesting (and disliked) of the great "robber barons": jay gould. gould picked up the struggling company and turned it into a communication giant - and part of his attempt at a national railway system to rival vanderbilt's. but this, while interesting, is not as exciting as the story of the laying of the telegraph lines themselves. at least, that is how audiences would see it. jay gould died in 1892. had he lived into the modern era, and invested in hollywood, he probably would have agreed to that assessment too.<br /><br />the film deals with how the laying of the telegraph system is endangered by indians, spurred on by one jack slade (barton maclane). slade, a desperado, is not happy with the development of a communication system that will certainly put a crimp in his abilities to evade the police in the territories. he is confronted by the man in charge of the laying of the telegraph wires, edward creighton (dean jagger), creighton's associate richard blake (robert young), and a quasi-lawman vance shaw (randolph scott), who is slade's brother. blake, an easterner with little understanding of the west, is romancing creighton's sister sue (virginia gilmore), but finds it hard to get used to his new surroundings. but he does become a close friend of shaw, especially in trying to confront slade.<br /><br />slade was a real western criminal, by the way, and the subject of a section of mark twain's roughing it. he was hanged in the 1870s. but he did not have any involvement in stirring up indians against railroads or telegraph companies. however, maclane makes him a memorably evil, and totally vicious type. his killing of one of the major characters is done suddenly and from behind - and he views the corpse as though he has just got rid of an annoyance. but lang is responsible for that, as well as other touches. look at the sequence with chill wills, where he is on a telegraph pole repairing it. he spits tobacco juice several times while talking to young, who gets a little splattered. then there is an indian attack which we watch from the ground level. at the conclusion, young suddenly gets splattered again, but it's not brown but red that covers him. he looks up at the pole's top, and there is wills with an indian arrow through him.<br /><br />it is an exciting film to watch, and well worth catching."western union" is something of a forgotten classic western! perhaps the reason for this lies in the fact of its unavailability on dvd in the united states. however, all is not lost as it has now appeared on region 2 in england. this - being a blessing in some ways - is not only incongruous but totally ironic when one considers that a movie depicting the founding and establishment of such a uniquely american organization as the western union telegraph company is without a region 1 release. it beggars belief! it simply doesn't make sense!<br /><br />produced by fox in 1941 "western union" was directed by fritz lang. this was only the second occasion the great german director undertook to direct a western! he had done an excellent job the year before with fox's "the return of frank james" and would have only one more western outing in 1952 with the splendid "rancho notorious". lang was no ford or hawks but with "western union" he turned in a fine solid western that holds up very well. beautifully photographed in early three strip technicolor by edward cronjager it boasted a good cast headed by robert young, randolph scott and dean jagger. the female lead is taken by virginia gilmore who really has little to do in the picture. an actress who never made anything of her career. her presence here is merely cosmetic.<br /><br />it is curious that robert young has top billing over scott! it is clearly scott's picture from the very beginning when we first see him in the film's terrific opening scene being chased by a posse across the plains. young doesn't have much to do throughout the movie and seems out of place in a western. he just looks plain silly going up against barton mclane in a gunfight! an actor who never really distinguished himself - except perhaps with "crossfire" (1947)- young appeared in a string of forgettable romantic comedies in the forties and fifties culminating with his greatest success when for seven years he was tv's "marcus welby md" in the seventies. he died in 1998 at the age of 91.<br /><br />"western union" recounts the connection by telegraph wire of omaha and salt lake city. scott plays a reformed outlaw hired by western union boss dean jagger to protect the line from marauding sioux and to also take on mclane and his gang who are trying to destroy the line for their own devious ends. robert young is the young engineer from back east who joins the company and vies with scott for the affections of miss gilmore. some comic relief is provided by - and irritatingly so some would say - by slim summerville and john carradine turns up in a meager role as the company doctor.<br /><br />altogether though a spanking good western, albeit on region 2, but in sparkling good quality that fans will be delighted with. my only crib is that there are no extras, not even a trailer and that terrible cover with those dull graphics. ugh!<br /><br />footnote: interestingly the associate producer on "western union" was harry joe brown who later with randolph scott would create a partnership that would produce some of scott's finest westerns in the fifties.i saw this years ago, and it's entertaining, but not profound. the basic story is of a young man who dreams of midian, though he's not sure where it is or even if it really exists.<br /><br />spoilers follow: he finally visits it, gets transformed to a nightbreed creature by being bitten by another one. then, he has to help the other members of the nightbreed because they're being attacked by canadians. (save for the accents, they all act like good ol' boys. not much in tune with the canadian psyche, eh?) someone observed for "monsters" or "nightbreed," substitute "jews," and for the canadians/humans, substitute, "nazis," and you're supposed to get an insight into the struggle by the monsters versus the humans. well, maybe.<br /><br />one major objection i had was that while the underground city was interesting, it was rather ramshackle and, frankly, dirty. this must be a convention for movies with underground settlements. one would think that if the monsters were the good guys, some would have at least a little sense of decor.<br /><br />the storyline is a tad thin, but that's to introduce characters. but it's entertaining enough for a repeat view.featuring some amazing and wonderful characters, a new mythology, superbly designed and executed sets, nightbreed is a great film.<br /><br />sadly the lack of a well known lead actor lead to the film finding obscurity.<br /><br />perhaps also the homosexuality of the director lead to the film being unwittingly censored by the white audience the film decries.<br /><br />none the less the film is a treasure of the monster movie/superhero genre.<br /><br />a sequel featuring highlander style flashbacks to different epochs in history would be interesting. <br /><br />another idea would be the foundation of the new midian. perhaps in texas somewhere or the swamps of lousiana with crocodile men and a traveling freak circus.nightbreed blew my mind the first time i saw it. and it's held up quite well over the years. the sets and monster effects work, are some of the best i've ever seen. nobody i know seems to have seen this film, which i believe tanked at the box office, because of the lack of interest in horror, in the early nineties. it plays like a dark, horrific fairy tale, and is a lot deeper, then you'd think, with a strong message against bigotry, presented by a rich mystical past, that clive barker created. what sucks is the film ends on a really cool sequel note, that we'll probably never see. my only minor gripe is that craig sheffer is only a passable actor at best, and the the project might have benefited with a better actor in the part. just a minor complaint though as sheffer does alright. i had a similar issue with scott bakula in barker's lord of illusions, not really a terrible performance, but i just didn't like him in the role as much as i would have other people.delivers great acting and greater special effects. stars david cronenberg, one of my personal favorites, as decker. it's special effects on the monsters were so good, you thought they might be really deformed. clive barker, however demented, scored a perfect 10 on my list.let me say from the outset i'm not a particular fan of this kind of film, but nightbreed holds a certain fascination for me with a message about perspective.<br /><br />back in the old days, the folks who inhabit midian would have been called zombies, the undead. and according to what clive barker has given us certain members of human kind, in this craig sheffer are born with the potential to become part of that world.<br /><br />psychiatrist david cronenberg at first looking like the mild mannered professional has taken unto himself a fanatical mission to rid the world of the nightbreed. he tricks the police into killing sheffer, but sheffer goes to a graveyard named midian cemetery where the nightbreed congregate and live underground. <br /><br />sheffer has also left a girl friend, anne bobby, who still has feelings for him even after he's been killed and is now one of the undead. she tries in her own small way to be a bridge to humankind. <br /><br />clive barker's creatures are a pretty gruesome looking lot and are not particularly fond of humans. but it's plain to see that if humans left them alone, the nightbreed in turn not bother with them.<br /><br />your sympathies are definitely with the nightbreed especially after seeing a fanatic like cronenberg and redneck police chief charles haid in action.<br /><br />clive barker's been an out gay man for some time now and some have suggested to me that the nightbreed is a metaphor for gay people. i can see where that would come in, especially since there are a whole lot of people who don't even think of gays as anything human because they're taught that way.<br /><br />granted nightbreed is pretty bloody with a lot of gratuitous violence, but it also does make you think and i do like the way clive barker does turn traditional theology on its head and makes craig sheffer a kind of messiah for the nightbreed creatures.clive barker of hellraiser fame has written and produced a fantasy horror film that is funny and exciting.<br /><br />the make-up done by bob keen and geoffrey portass was fantastic. it took quite an imagination to come up with these mutants that lived underground. it was really a treat to see the quality of work.<br /><br />it wasn't particularly horrible, as the worst creature was actually a human serial killer.<br /><br />i just saw craig sheffer in shadow of doubt the other day and he did a good job in this film also. nothing spectacular, but fair. this was only anne bobby's third film, and she was good also.<br /><br />the ending was spectacular and the rednecks got their just desserts, as did david cronenberg. ha!this movie is masterly directed by clive barker, he really knows how to establish a rapport between the audience and the characters. i think there is a sequel missing for this one, barker should have dedicated to the sequel for this movie instead of doing the boring lord of illusions, that is one i think was a real garbage. but i also think that because of this and because of the lack of the sequel nbreed has become a dark cult classic of horror films.an enjoyable movie, without a doubt, and very evocative of both its era and that very particular stage in any boy's 'rites of passage'. but i have to say that having read the very positive comments here, i was a bit disappointed. the period was captured, but the plot was desperately thin. the whole thing revolves around the most egregious bit of miscasting in the history of school plays. the idea that quack quack would ever be chosen to play not only one of only three star turns, but a philanderer, is risible. and without that, nada. the sub-plots bore no relation that i could see to the main plot - all of them could be removed in their entirety without in any way affecting the main story - which surely suggests a fundamental flaw. when all your sub-plots look like padding, you know a central idea is being stretched beyond its limits. nevertheless, it's a benign movie with its heart in the right place, there are some fine performances, and you just get the feeling that everyone involved felt deflated at the final 'cut!' that good feeling permeates the film. and that has to count for something. a flawed really quite good movie. 7 out of 10.the film 'nightbreed' is one of the best horror films i have ever seen. overall, i'm not a big fan of horror films, but there is something about this film that is more atmospheric and different from any other horror film i have ever seen. many horror films i've seen i've enjoyed watching, however, as they are based on horror, i know that the stories are unreal, as they are fictional, therefore i can't take them all seriously. nightbeed, on the other hand, is a unique horror genre as it has a feel of realism that i've seen in very few other horror films.<br /><br />this films story on how a man gets murdered and ends up living with the undead in an underground cemetery shelter with undead monsters is the kind of story a person would get from a dreaming nightmare as its a very unique and original storyline. most horror films i've seen are all quite fake, but because nightbreed was so incredibly sophisticated and geniously directed with superb acting, especially by craig sheffer (aaron boone) amazing special effects, great lighting and fantastic dialogue, i found this film to have a sense of depth and maturity with no silly fake horror parody, whatsoever, that many other horror films have. nightbreed, as well as being horror has elements of thriller, romance and action all rapped in one. if you haven't seen this film, i recommend you watch it, as i rate it a 10/10.i experienced nightbreed for the first time on television a year ago and i was pleasantly surprised with the results.<br /><br />clive barker is said to have revitalised horror with hellraiser but this is a film that effectively stalled his cinema career somewhat. what an unfortunate thing to happen because, like the inhabitants of midian, this film seems to be misunderstood.<br /><br />barker has created a cross-breed of genre staples in this story - it begins as a traditional horror film but soon becomes a fable regarding mans inhumanity to man. evoking sympathy for the devil is tough at the best of times but when the characters are as visually demonic as they are in this film it becomes nigh on impossible (cue the child!). the practically klan-like human insurgence (pitchforks and holy wrath!) at the films conclusion becomes doubly upsetting in the face of what has gone before. as a parable of ethnic tension and white supremacy this film can be quite evocative.<br /><br />i pity those who will not see the film from this angle and think of it as barker's fantastical indulgence gone too far. we have a genuine forgotten gem here and the sooner the studio and mr barker make nice and devote some time to it - the better.for a movie like this, there's always something to follow by in years to come. clive barker, the man who brought "hellraiser", makes a horror movie that is part-goth, part-mythology, and all horror in-between. "nightbreed" are a bunch of mutants who only come out at night, and roam the place called midian. now a man name boone(craig sheffer) claims to suffer hallucinations he goes to this shrink dr. decker(david croneberg) who "helps" boone with his problems. unaware of this situation, decker claims to be a purist which he's only a hate-monger in disguise. boone however, goes into midian and make the claim that he's one of the mutants there. but a mutant named peloquin(oliver parker) sees boone as meat! his bite however, spares boone so after he is killed by a gauntlet of fire arms, he's one of them now. after being mislead by decker, boone does everything in his power to protect lori(anne bobby) from him. lori saves a mutant from the sun, and in return helps the others as well. i liked the lady mutants one who gives a smoky "kiss of death" and the porcupine woman who dreamed boone show off her power that is so seductive and deadly at the same time. i've enjoyed this horror movie all the way, and the rule of it is, never trust a shrink! rating 3.5 out of 5 stars!this is clive barker's masterpiece in my opinion. the movie has a great storyline and some amazing make-up and effects. the one thing i would love to see happen is a sequel. the movie was set up for a sequel and with improved technology the second movie could be incredible. david cronenberg must appear in a sequel as well as craig sheffer. but this particular movie was a great original, creative and entertaining idea and i could watch it over and over again. cronenberg was perfect in this movie and sheffer added an interesting spice to the film.i wish there was a category to place this in other than horror. it simply isn't. granted it has it's horrific moments, however i don't feel that makes it a horror film. i will give that this movie could have been better. a million little things could have been changed to make it better.<br /><br />that having been said i love this movie. i'm often sad that people misunderstand the whole point of it. it has always been clear to me that the point of this movie was to say... things aren't always what they seem. sometimes 'evil', isn't. <br /><br />barker was at a con i went to and he did a little talk then watch the movie thing. it was very interesting. many things he wished to put in the movie couldn't be, and a chunk was cut out of the movie that he believed to be long lost. this was a chunk that helped shed light on boone and his girlfriend, as well as some other details.<br /><br />i know some people are bothered by not having more information about all of the 'breed' in the background, however i always felt that gave the movie a more 'real' fleshed out feel. i have read the novella this was based off of as well as many of the comics. because of this, the movie just always seemed like a staging ground for the whole story. a much more involved story that sadly has never has a chance to live. <br /><br />despite all of the flaws this movie might have i believe it has a lot to offer. the 'monsters' are wonderful, very imaginative. while the acting is sometimes a bit stiff there are some very quotable lines. whenever i watch it i find something new. keep and eye on boones chest toward the end. at one point decker stabs him and shortly after boone falls on a card table. he ends up with a card stuck to his chest. this card stays there for a while even after lori pulls the knife out. it stays there until boone casually removes it. i love that. that was a lovely little detail i thought.<br /><br />basically what i want to say is that... if you are looking for a horror movie, don't watch this. if you believe that at times men can be more evil than anything we have ever dreamed up. this is the movie for you. this is a movie about how men destroy what they don't understand or fear.this movie is a perfect example of barkers cinematic gifts to the horror/ monster genre. i thought this movie did a great job of keeping the feel and look of the novella and comic books (or actually, the comics may have come second, i forget). this movie was made for barker fans. it helps to have read the book beforehand, but isn't that important if you can follow a film. i saw to anyone who is on the fence about this film, read the book, then re-watch the film. you might find a new respect for the movie. i came to this movie a big fan of barker already, and having read the book prior, loved the film instantly. there are great cameos, makeup, writing, directing, etc in this film. this movie does something that most monster/ horror movies fail miserably at, show the monsters. they are there in full color, not hidden in shadows, and taking most of the screen time. unlike other films that use quick cuts or trick lighting to hide the creature, this movie celebrates the grotesque, and casts them into the forefront as the good guy. two thumbs up clive. we're waiting for the thief of always :)i absolutely love this movie. i just managed to get a copy and saved it to watch on my birthday. this movie brings up several questions. one is. who are the monsters of this world? to be different is just that. different. the real monsters hide behind masks of ordinariness. they are those that everyone considers "a nice quiet bloke" who "didn't bother anybody". or they are worse they are the characters such as played by croneberg. men who draw pleasure and power from carving up people and creating their own books of blood. i love the shapeshifters, people with gifts and those that may be abhorent for people to look upon. this movie touches on and explores what is normal. who are 'other' and what fear does to some. even though i gave this movie 10 i am still sick of women who either scream or are so set in their ways that they cant see what is happening and being a vehicle for the things that destroyed median. my other complaint was why didn't they ever make a second film. i for one would have loved to see a continuation of this most intriguing story that keep me captivated from beginning to endit's a horror story alright. but perhaps not as you know it. the real monsters in this flick are humans. while the monsters, are human and prey. as weird as that may sound i see this as "monsters inc" for horror film fans.<br /><br />sure, the effects are of a std horror film, the monsters are there as in any monster based film, the gore is there as well, there even is a slasher in the shape of dr decker (played by david cronenberg; i see flash of cillian murphy as dr. jonathan crane in batman begins here - or is it the other way round?). and it is decker &c who are the bad guys. the monsters want mainly to mind their own business, warding off intrusive humans more or less misguided, wanting to join there society.<br /><br />by the end of the film you actually grow to like the quite little monsters (and the dog) - not perhaps what you had expected from the first few scenes....i'd love to see some tie-in between nightbreed, the fury, and the x-men series, sort of the way the second outer limit's series would tie-in particular stories and plot-lines after the fact, to create a story arc although one was never intended. i'd also like know if some more information - anecdotal or otherwise, exists anywhere about the relationship and/or collaboration between clive barker and david cronenberg. i simply can't get my mind around the fact that david cronenberg appeared as a mere actor in a clive barker film. does any additional information on the subject actually exist? finally, it's been 17 years since the film was released, and i had hoped there would've been a sequel by now. does anyone out there know if there were any plans in the making that never came to fruition, or if in fact there are plans even now for a sequel?as an avid reader of clive barker, i truly anticipated this film prior to it's release... i was not let down. "nightbreed" is a horse of a different color. rich in the underlying decay of western civilization and dripping with alternative existence in a way we have never seen before. barker is at his best when he allows us to peek into his world of unprecedented horror, yet showing us the other side of the coin. here the "monsters" are the hideously beautiful beings, while the humans are the deceptively ugly creatures of self indulgence. we soon learn that we were wrong all along. by far my favorite performance by the often under-used craig sheffer, and the added bonus of david cronenberg as "decker" is a cast best seen then believed. the "monsters" are portrayed flawlessly by a bevy of english creature masters, whom many also brought the "cenobites" to life in "hellraiser", including "pinhead" himself doug bradley. "nightbreed" is an absolute must see for any fan of the horror genre, and anyone who needs just a little (something) more out of their horror story. this is clive barker at his finest.i was at school in the late sixties and early seventies and this film is very much how my school was. the school play where the leading actors kiss, that happened at my school. a crazy gang of lads, my school again only when we went on a cross country run we would have a smoke! 'getting the whack', some one at my school broke in through a sky light and broke the canes! after that they were kept in a safe!!! and as for certain nocternal activities! what can i say.... the film actually came out in 1982, i remember that as it was when i bought my house and the film was showing at the same time. if you like british films and films about school, growing up and period pieces, then this is for you. another film very much like it, 'swalk', came out a few years before and i for one would like to see that again, also 'kes' is in the genre. highly recommended. (but trust me, 1982 is when it came out)i enjoyed this film. the way these mutants looked, along with the tone of the film, is very good. plus, david cronenberg as philip k. decker was great! it makes me wonder if his personality is exactly the same in real life (except for the killings of course).<br /><br />i was impressed with the creatures for this film, although this movie probably had a somewhat low budget, the mutants/creatures/monsters looked great, especially from 1990. this is definitely a unique film and not crap. it makes me want to go find a read the novella it's based off of. this is an interesting film because it shows how humans can be monsters and the "monsters" are the one with humanity.i just watched nightbreed for the first time since seeing it in the theater almost 20 years ago, and while i remember liking it at the time, i don't remember being blown away by it like i was today. i really can't complain about anything in this movie. craig scheffer is excellent as the lead character of boone. i never understood why he hasn't had a more successful career, because most of his early work is outstanding. as good as scheffer is, cronenberg is even better. his portrayal of the psycho dr. decker is unforgettable, and steals the show. the rest of the cast, which includes doug bradley is very good, save for the ridiculously over the top redneck sheriff. the visuals are good, and in some shots great. the danny elfman composed score is as good as it gets, and is among his best work. the ending was epic, with nonstop action for close to twenty minutes. overall, nightbreed is a tremendous accomplishment for clive barker, and ranks as my favorite of his movies, just slightly ahead of hellraiser. 9/10why didn't critics like this movie?? i don't get it. this is easily my favorite clive barker effort. "hellraiser" is a bit too rough around the edges (the film just never leaves that stupid house) and, lets face it, "lord of illusions" doesn't move at all!!! i have loved barker's writing for years, especially his "books of blood". terrifically entertaining. he has a vicious side to him that is totally unlike a stephen king. he freely mixes in his own homosexuality and odd religious and occultic elements. i love love love love it. i also realize , however, that barker is as much a dark fantasy writer as he is a horror writer. and fantasy just isn't my bag. puts me right to sleep. always has. i also think barker works best with short stories. his novels tend to wander a bit. that was my experience when trying to read "the damnation game". it started out well. then 100 pages in i thought "where is this going?" because it wasn't going anywhere.<br /><br />i read "cabal" (the book nightbreed was based on) and thought it was good. i especially like the elaboration on decker's character. the way the mask talked to him and controlled him. i like the way barker simply presents it. black and white. there it is. he gives it a simplicity that's attractive and believable. when asked why decker kills he says (simply) "because i like it". probably something jeffrey dahmer said at some point.<br /><br />but i actually liked the film nightbreed better than cabal. i adore the visual attention to detail that barker gives to his films. adore it. i think it is just beautiful. lord of illusions had some of this as well. some of the drawings in the beginning, during the nightbreed credit sequence. it's like an entire vocabulary barker dreamed up just for the nightbreed world. i'd be curious to know how much was purely his design. i know he is an amazing artist who his own style and language as an artist.<br /><br />nightbreed is also (i think) barker's most entertaining film. it moves very quickly. well edited. it doesn't drag like lord of illusions does a little bit. very quick. everything in it is just perfect. it also works as a fantastic and scary little slasher movie. the stuff with the killer in the beginning killing the family and later tormenting the old man in the shop is really scary stuff. that mask is frightening. i'd be curious to know if barker designed that as well. it's not just a hokey jason or "scream"-type mask. something about it is really disturbing.<br /><br />anyway, this is a great flick. definitely check it out if you haven't seen it. highly recommended. one of my favorite horror films of all time. in my opinion clive barker's best. it is scary and violent though, be warnedif you're looking for an original horror flick, this might be the one for you. it's strange and at times lingers on stupidity, but it's just such a good looking, nice sounding and original movie, it never fails, except maybe during the over long climax. "nightbreed" is a must see for horror fans, or for fans of monster movie make-up.<br /><br />boone (craig sheffer) has been having dreams of a town called midian full of mutant creatures. in therapy, his psychiatrist dr. decker (horror director david cronenberg) has come to the conclusion that boone is a murderer, and gives him hallucinogenic pills, and tells him to turn himself in. after almost getting killed, boone ends up at the hospital, where he runs into a mental patient who also knows about midian, and tells boone where to go. midian, located in a graveyard, is inhabited by vile mutant creatures that don't let boone in. after escaping with only a nasty bite, boone is shot dead by the police, who were lead to his location by dr. decker. but boone isn't dead. the bite causes him to live, and he goes off to midian. meanwhile, boone's girlfriend lori (anne bobby) tries to find boone and get to the bottom of this. when dr. decker also finds out about this place, chaos ensues.<br /><br />the plot seems long and complicated, but it really isn't hard to understand. the plot, among other things, makes this movie really interesting. the make-up effects are astounding. the creatures look unique and amazing, and make this a very appealing film. to add to more senses appeal, we have a musical score by danny elfman, that is both lush and bouncy, and fits the film like a glove. the shots in the movie are also set up beautifully. the cinematography is lovely, and the movie sets up an atmosphere that is never broken. even the acting is good, with the biggest surprise being director david cronenberg giving a great, menacing performance as the man, who for one reason or another, wants to see boone dead. it's odd for a horror film to be this well done.<br /><br />the problems with the movie...well there are a few, but the positives outweigh the negatives. the script features the occasional lame jokes to try and add some humor, but almost every one falls flat. the mutant creatures look great and for the most part are well acted, but sometimes it feels like they are just posing their awesome makeup for the camera. the worst part of the film would have to be the climax. it takes so long, and is just constant chaos. it's the portion of the film that moves from individual characters and nice tight knit shots, to fiery explosions from each direction and violence happening to characters we don't know or care about.<br /><br />overall, this movie is amazing to look at. it's a well done horror film, but even with that said, it has the occasional failure in character's lines, and a messy climax. nonetheless, this is one to check out.<br /><br />my rating: *** out of ****. 101 mins. r for strong violence and language.adapting his own novel "cabal" for the screen, author / screenwriter / director clive barker fashioned this marvelous story of outrã© horror and fantasy. craig sheffer plays boone, a young man who becomes suspected of being a serial killer. the cops gun him down in front of midian, on the surface a cemetery but which is actually a haven for monsters that have been shunned by society. when they lay claim to boone and make him one of their own, this causes repercussions for everybody, including boone's sweet girlfriend (the very cute anne bobby) and dubious psychiatrist (a most enjoyable david cronenberg).<br /><br />"nightbreed" displays the kind of wild and twisted imagination that i don't see in movies all that often. for one thing, ralph mcquarrie, an old hand at conceptual art having worked on such films as the initial three "star wars" entries, helps barker to create excellent visuals for "nightbreed", starting right away with the opening credit sequence. the visual and makeup effects are elaborate, and production design and cinematography quite impressive. barker and crew do a wonderful job at creating this whole other world with compelling characters. it's colorful and flamboyant entertainment and is a pleasure to take in. and of course there's the strong sense of social commentary regarding intolerance and bigotry, not to mention the heavy consequences that can result from a person's actions.<br /><br />great supporting performances add to the fun. cronenberg oozes lots of malevolent intent and is a real gas as the bad doctor, while charles haid is a fine love-to-hate-him type of antagonist, a rather nasty police captain. doug "pinhead" bradley once again gets buried under heavy makeup as the weary lylesberg, and is solid as a rock. hugh ross is great fun as narcisse, as is catherine chevalier as rachel (as an added bonus, she bares her breasts in one sequence). simon bamford, who played the "butterball cenobite" in the first two "hellraiser" pictures, turns up here as well. there's even a cool cameo by 50's and 60's sci-fi star john agar.<br /><br />danny elfman supplies another of his fantastic scores, and barker leads us steadily through the intriguing story towards a terrific apocalyptic showdown.<br /><br />"nightbreed" is an excellent genre film worth checking out for anybody who hasn't seen it. i give it a hearty recommendation.<br /><br />9/10nightbreed is definitely my most favorite movie, i've worn more than one tape as it is. the make-up is awesome, the story is lovely. it takes a few different twists and isn't quite as deep as the story it's based on (cabal, by clive barker) but for a movie adaption it stays very true to source material. the only problem with this movie were the producer's vain attempts to turn it into a teen slasher movie, hence the changed ending to allow for sequels *eye rolls*. apparently someday we're going to be getting a director's cut that will (i hope) clear up this bit of nonsense. until then, i'd suggest it to anyone who like dark fantasy type horror as opposed to freddy/jason/micheal type slashers. i really don't know what would be comparable...don't ask me why i love this movie so much...maybe it came at a time in my life i desperately wanted to fit in, maybe it is the amazing monster effects, maybe because i enjoyed the novel "cabal", but it's probably because i love clive barker. i think it's fair to warn you the movie and the novel have no true resolve and like me you'll probably have a wtf moment at the end. at least two sequels were planned but never came about due to the fact the movie flopped for a few reasons. the studio made drastic cuts to the film cutting a good 30 or so minutes out of it and they did a horrible job promoting it. the adverts made it look like just another cheap slasher showing mainly the "button face/mask" decker character. this is a movie about the monsters! about fantasy! about a place called midian! it's a story where the monsters are the good guys. there is truly nothing else out there like it! it's not a movie for everybody i suppose but it stands as one of clive's many great works. sit back and be prepared to be taken to midian - where the monsters are.nightbreed is not only great, it is also unique, even taking into account other barker's movies, which never lack originality. an amazing adaptation of a very interesting idea for a book. for the horror genre, it has quite a few of subtle symbolics and references. certainly a lot of fun to have, a a bit to think about, if one cares to. and, not to forget, a nice music score. well, the special effects, as usual, get old faster than anything, but that is probably the only drawback. i've just seen it again after ten years, and i still find it something to recommend.what's fun about barker's nightbreed is that it's the story of a human on a rampage, a deadly threat to monsters everywhere. in this one, the monsters (the night breed of the title) are the "good" guys. it shares its sense of celebrating the different, the twisted, and the dark with the first addams family movie, and much of tim burton's work. it also has the goriness that one expects from a piece by barker.<br /><br />especially fun is the performance by cronenberg as the truly evil human doctor who is bent on destroying the nightbreed. as happens in most classic monster movies, the villagers surround the monsters' castle with torches and pitchforks. only this time, the modern setting replaces the castle with an old mausoleum and the rustic "weapons" with guns and bombs. and this time the sympathy you felt when you saw frankenstein's monster burned in the windmill is the very center of the movie.<br /><br />this isn't a masterpiece, and even barker has done more interesting, and certainly more chilling, work. but it's pure fun, it looks great, and remains light without mocking itself. worth a look!i was peeved that the best make-up academy award went to dick tracy, a horrible film with horrible make-up. the nightbreed (based on the better titled "cabal" novella) look terrific, the acting is excellent and david chroneburg makes for a truly creepy and terrific antagonist.<br /><br />the plot focus's on aaron boone, who has recurring nightmares about a society of monsters living under a cemetery. is he making it up or are they real and calling to him? his pyschologist (chroneburg) convinces him he's a murderer, a slayer of families.<br /><br />troubled and suicidal, boone seeks refuge in midian but the monsters don't want him at first. he is also tracked by his girlfriend, lori who refuses to give up on him even after he dies and comes back cold and monstrous.<br /><br />but decker isn't about to let boone continue on. he raises the locals on an all out assault on midian, like a holy war in gods name led by the devil.<br /><br />barkers themes of misunderstood monsters may come from his experiences as a homosexual male, but they are always strong and honest. nightbreed turns the genre on it's head. the monsters are just trying to survive and want to be left alone, but man is hunting them.<br /><br />a 20+ minute longer cut was originally submitted by barker, but the studio chopped it into this fractured masterpiece. barker is hard at work trying to locate the missing footage for a directors cut release. until then, this version will have to do.although i don't like cricket at all and i have seen this movie 13 years ago, i still think it is one of the best coming-of-age movies ..i remember the day i returned home from my school and sat down to have my lunch, i saw the opening titles of that movie and then....i was so immersed in it that i felt i was there, it really affected me personally. i still remember how i felt when i first saw it ,i felt that the poor boy was a friend of mine, going through the same adolescent experience we were having in those days. what i really liked about that movie is the main theme of a "shy" boy fantasizing about "kissing" his dream girl, no offense but if that was an american movie, you would certainly see-at a certain point, mainly climax- the "shy" boy "making love" to his girl, and i really can't grasp this contradicting concepts till now...i have a simple request ,if anyone knows how to get this movie on a dvd by mail ,please let me know cause i need a shot of memories..thanksit is interesting to see what people think of this movie, since it is, in fact, quite unique (though it bears some of the trademarks of clive barker's writing). even though it might seem a bit cynical to say so, the movie is just intricate enough to deflect those that need standard hollywood plot hooks, and layered, so that if you expect to be fed, you will see a normal monster flick with lots of monsters and a disjointed plot.<br /><br />those who need a linear, specific and untangled plot line will hate this movie, because the story lies, like in the novella, partially between the lines, or in this case, partially off screen, in comments and the imagination.<br /><br />another possible hang-up is the ending, of which i can say, without spoiling it, that it is not entirely good and not entirely bad. it is, in fact, not very defined at all, which i know sends some people into raging tantrums about that they didn't get to know what happened, but to me, and to many others, i'm sure, just adds another dimension to the story - the dimension of speculation, and, in addition, the point that great disruption has a tendency to cause ripples that extend quite far.<br /><br />there is definitely moral here, but of a rather different kind than the standard hollywood in-your-face-at-the-end-of-the-movie sort of display. summing that moral up is simple, even though it is not quite that simply displayed; prejudice and the human tendency to hate the different.<br /><br />i love this movie, even though, as many of the reviewers have noted, the expressions of the actors (with the exception of david cronenberg, who does a wonderful appearance) are rather tacky. i'm not sure they are entirely to blame for their rickety appearance and lack of depth, though, seeing that these are common problems in converting literature to screenplay.<br /><br />all in all, this is a great movie, provided that you do not expect it to be a standard horror movie.this movie was really well written and was very entertaining.there was great acting in it too. luke perry did a very convincing job. (like he always does)if you are looking for a eventful movie to watch this should be at the top of your list. there is a mixture of comedy, drama, and action. you can literally feel what the actors are feeling at points. i was very impressed by this movie. the special effects were very well done. the whole movie was very convincing. this movie is one of my favorites. what happens is north america could be torn apart and jack and his team have to try and to stop an eruption by destroying north america. it was a very cool and creative idea. i loved this movie and i know you will too.this is a story of a long and awkward love. the daily life of a woman of 50 years old and some people around her is depicted. her daily life is so ordinary and routine that i doubted who was the real lead character in the beginning. then the audiences know that the woman and a man who was her high-school class mate had very tiny connection. the woman has been doing the same job - a milk-woman and a supermarket casher - so long. there are so many slopes that delivering milk bottles is a very hard job. the man had married another woman, who is now dying of cancer. he works at the city hall and devotedly cares her at home. they never look straight nor talk each other, but they never forget each other. <br /><br />the original japanese title means "at some time the days you read books". but of course when the man said "now i want to do what i've always wanted to do", it was to hug her and make love with her. she writes to a radio disk jockey that "if god gives us time to talk, we need at least a whole day". dreaming of that day, she has been sublimating the desire in hard work and book reading. i personally know a woman who has loved a man for long years, even after he married another woman and died for an accident. therefore the story setting is not that special. rather, this movie well portrays unspoken romances in many ordinary men and women. through this movie, you will recall your romance that is lost long ago. this is a movie with lasting effect.the storyline of the milkwoman is a simple one of unrequited love that despite the passing of decades still remains strong. now 50 years old, minako obha (yuko tanaka) lives alone and works two jobs â? one as a checkout clerk in a supermarket, the other as a milklady, doing her daily round on the hills of nagasaki. one of her stops is at the house of kaita takanashi (ittoku kishibe), a government official who tends to his terminally ill wife yoko (akiko nishina). minako and kaita used to see each other as school children, but after the death of minako's mother and kaita's father, who it seems were having an affair together, their own relationship was destroyed. lying in her sick bed, yoko knows however that her husband's feelings for the milklady aren't completely gone and, for the sake of kaita after she has died, she attempts to engineer a means of bringing them back together.<br /><br />while the story might be simple, the emotions it deals with and the means by which it expresses them is really where the heart and beauty of the film lie. the film takes its time to show the simple daily routines of each of the characters, their actions being recorded by an old lady who is writing their story for a book while looking after her own husband who is showing signs of dementia. in the process it depicts the social circumstances of people from different ways of life, how they interact with each other on a daily basis, how relationships form, and how past and present can collide. the director handles this marvellously with a strong structure and visual style. it's only later in the film that the story starts to follow a more conventional and inevitably melodramatic path, as if it is indeed being constructed to fit the narrative structure of the book that is being written. it's all validated by the emotional depths the film touches, represented most effectively in the exceptional performance of yuko tanaka.i guess those who have been in a one-sided relationship of some sort before will be able identify with the lead character minako (yuko tanaka), a 50 year old woman who is still in the pink of good health, as demonstrated by her daily, grinding routine of waking up extremely early in the morning to prepare for her milk delivery work, where she has to lug bottles of megmilk in a bag in a route around her town like clockwork, to exchange empty bottles for full ones, and to collect payment and issue receipt. and there's always be that one delivery stop that's right at the top, needing to scale a long flight of stairs in order to achieve customer satisfaction.<br /><br />and peculiar enough, that stop happened to be a stop delivering to a man with whom she has been in love with for almost all her teenage to adult life, and not having the product appreciated, but poured down the sink. having gone to the same school, we see that they're not talking to each other, and in their daily life always seem so close physically, but yet so far away. there's no eye contact, save for cursory glances by chance, and little acknowledgement of each other's existence. we learn that they share a past that probably destroyed all notions of being together, where clear attraction between the two was hampered from developing further by the earlier generation.<br /><br />while i thought minako was an interesting woman in herself, one who has kept her feelings suppressed for so long, one can only wonder what kind of damage it would do. if i read that the original japanese title means "at some time the days you read books" and it's accurate, i felt the movie had a wonderful finale with that shot of her well stocked bookcase, likely alluding to the fact that she's not alone after all, and had probably fallen back on her crutch of sorts to deal with the pain of being alone, and back to a lifestyle which she had already been accustomed to for 50 years. besides immersing herself in two jobs, she has those books which serve as a form of escapism, and occasionally pens little sweet nothings to song dedication shows on the radio.<br /><br />yuko tanaka did a commendable job as the emotionally strong woman resigned to her fate and her decision to love none other, her object of affection, takanashi (ittoku kishibe) was a more interesting character who has more facets. staying true to marriage vows, he spends significant amount of screen time looking after his sickly bedridden wife (played by akiko nishina), while juggling with his job of social welfare in the children's affairs department in city hall. i felt that as a childless couple, the job provided him a means to care, not for his own, but for other people's children, the troubled ones who are neglected and left to fend for themselves. in a rare moment of rage, we see how he angrily chides such wayward parents who don't appreciate and wastes their children's lives away.<br /><br />the story by kenji aoki provides little quirks to make its characters appeal and successfully attempted to provide a lot more glimpses and dimension into them as well, such as how takanashi is a hopeless haiku poet despite being a member of the haiku club, and supporting characters such as the aged minagawa couple, where masao (koichi ueda) lent some comical though sad moments as he slowly turned senile, while wife toshiko (misako watanabe) narrates and brings us through this love story of a single woman at 50. even akiko nishina's performance as the bedridden wife was nothing short of arresting, with her character's enlightened state of knowing her husband's past, and making unselfish, and painful decisions in her sickly state.<br /><br />it's what you can expect from a typical japanese romantic movie, sans young, nubile leads as star-crossed lovers, but with all other elements in place such as romantic set ups, love songs and those quintessential restrained but affectionate behaviour. i thought the story was in danger of going down the beaten track when unrequited love gets consummated, but director akira ogata managed to steer clear of the usual melodramatic moments in such stories, though the story did call for some obvious plot development into the final act that you can predict, especially if you're already way past your romance movie 101.<br /><br />not being your average lovey-dovey story, i thought the milkwoman told a strong story with unrequited love as a central theme, and frankly a recommended romance movie (though told at a measured pace) if you're in the mood for some bittersweet loving, reminiscence, and seeking to live without regrets.lead actor yuko tanaka fulfills so much in the exceptionally meditative "the milkwoman," a tranquil canvass on missed chances in the life of a 50-something woman, charting her routine with sincerely poignant motives. played out in the picturesque, tranquil town of nagasaki, akira ogata's unconventional romantic film, so to speak, is less a straight-out melodrama than a deliberate introspection of its characters' surrender to their current lives as a result of a tragic past that forced them to a choice they did not call for.<br /><br />perfectly embodying the requisite world-weariness subjected to a spiritless routine, tanaka plays minako oba, a middle-aged woman who, before her work shift at a supermarket, takes it upon herself to deliver bottles of milk among the residents of the hilly nagasaki. one of the houses she constantly passes by to make such a delivery is that of kaita takanashi (ittoku kishibe), a local government employee caring for her terminally ill wife (akiko nishina). minako and kaita were high school sweethearts who, courtesy of an ignominious event concerning their parents, separated ways since then.<br /><br />opening his film with the foreboding narration of a young minako vowing never to leave nagasaki, ogata does as such with the narrative, patiently sticking with minako as he, deftly aided by tanako's understated yet highly effective performance, follows her -- whether she's having chitchat with her aunt (misako watanabe) on being single, or when she jogs up and down the countless footsteps of their hilly town to distribute milk -- as she and kaita gradually overcome the hindrances that kept them apart for years. such unhurried development may not suit viewers weaned on fast-paced narratives but for the rest, it's a heartfelt introspection that affects powerfully and emphatically.a gem from japan, where so many of the world's best films are being made today. stylistically, this isn't anything all that special. it's just a simple drama (with some comic overtones) about recognizable people going about their lives. yuko tanaka, best known for voicing the character lady eboshi in princess mononoke, plays a 50 year old spinster. she's takes pride in her health, spending each morning in a vigorous workout as she delivers milk up and down the steep hills of nagasaki. after she is done with this part time job, she works her regular job as a clerk at a grocery store (called s-mart, which made this army of darkness fan giggle). along her milk route lives a 50 year old man, whose wife is dying. it turns out the milk woman and the man, a child services worker, dated in high school, and each apparently still have something of a crush on the other. the film actually has some major narrative problems. when the screenwriter actually wants the two unrequited lovers to unite, he uses a pretty unbelievable deus ex machina technique. the climactic sequence is also really forced. but most of the film is beautifully small and observant of the two main characters, as well as many side characters. the film also has several subplots that seem like they will eventually weigh the film down, but never end up doing so. i think the best thing in the film is tanaka's heartbreaking performance as the lonely milk woman, who has resigned herself to being alone for the rest of her life. whatever the problems were, the film mostly transcends them.some people may call "cooley high" the same sort of thing as "american graffiti", but i wouldn't. for starters, in "ag", everyone was white, whereas in "ch" they're all black. moreover, this one has a motown soundtrack. specifically, the movie focuses on several working-class african-american students in 1964 chicago and their antics. the movie deals mainly with home life and relationships. in their apartments, we see that there's never any dad around. but these young men always know how to live life to the fullest.<br /><br />one thing that really distinguishes this movie from most other portrayals of black people is that the teenagers in this movie are portrayed as very responsible, worrying about missing school. two really funny scenes are the gorilla scene, and the one white guy in the movie. but overall, the main star is the soundtrack. it is truly one of the best soundtracks in movie history (we even have it on vinyl here at home). a classic in the real sense of the word.you want a movie that'll take you places? well this is a good pick. if you were an adolescent in the era portrayed in this film--the hayday of motown--or if you want to reach back and see what your parents made so much noise about, i suggest you pick up this flick and give it a watch. at the risk of sounding cliche, you'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll reminisce and remember. you'll go back to a time when school violence was a fist fight. you'll recall with fondness your best friends from school. it's a feel good movie with an edge of angst and pain and realism--misconceptions, losing friends, deciding what to do with your life. i think everyone regardless of race, age, socioeconomic standing can pull something from this movie and really enjoy it. so take a couple hours out of a lazy day and check out this film; there are much worse ways you could spend your time.at the surface cooley high is a snappy ensemble comedy masquerading as a period piece (set in the early 60's, complete with a flawless motown soundtrack). but there's so much more to this film - it gets better every time i see it. the cast of unknowns (at the time) is excellent, and it is notable as an all-black-cast film that doesn't fall into any blaxpoitation clichã©s - at times cooley high almost feels like an updated, urban neo-realist film, with lots of edgy humor added in. at times, the rather tight budget does show, but the constraints actually serve the film well - there's a grit and honesty of emotion here that lends the film an immediacy lacking in most similar-minded films (like schultz' later car wash, which was more popular, but largely pointless) warm-hearted but also true-to-life, this might be one of the sleepers of the 70s - celebrated at the time, it seems that few film freaks know about this one today. their loss - this is a fine, fine film.<br /><br />the bare-bones pan-and-scan dvd (no widescreen!?!) is testament to just how little cared-for this excellent film is.postwar england, the dawn of the "atomic age". yet, the worries of a young schoolboy yearning to experience his first "kiss" cannot be derailed by something as inconsequential as the bomb. this was a delightful if not educational look at young love from the vantage point of an adolescent male and his world of the<br /><br />1940's. free of political correctness and preachy messages, this film exposes the viewer to the world that only the mind (and<br /><br />hormones) of a young teenager can create. wonderful subplots<br /><br />maintain character interest ala "gregory's girl", and plenty<br /><br />of well blocked shots help keep up the imagery of this era. this is a very good story for anyone, young or old, who has<br /><br />ever been in love, or ever wanted to be. does he ever get his wish? watch it and see.this film held my interest from the beginning to the very end with plenty of laughs and real down to earth acting by the entire cast. glynn turman, (preach jackson) is the star of the picture playing the role of a smart guy who likes poetry and had a very sexy girl friend. lawrence hilton jacobs, (cochise morris) was an outstanding athlete at the cooley h.s. and even won a scholarship to a famous college. there are scenes in this picture with the chicago police department chasing all these dudes in a cadillac and a visit to the lincoln park zoo with monkey dung being thrown around. the music is outstanding and there is great photography around the city of chicago. great film, enjoy.the movie was very good when it came out, i attended cooley high and cooley upper grade center ,around 1968 i was also home coming queen and grew up and lived in the area of cabrini greens, i knew a lots of people in the movie, it was nice to see friends in the movie that lived in the area also, and they had a chance to be a star that may have been a once in a life time experience for them, i had good times growing up on the north side and tough times i can relate to the movie cooley high is no longer standing but a person like myself and others still remember the fun we had growing up attending cooley high, there is a lot of history around this north side area to be told .cooley high was actually a drama with moments of comedy. it was a reflection of high school life back in the day. i attended coolidge high in washington, d.c. from 1976 to 1979 and much of what was in cooley high was an every day thing at coolidge. as a matter of fact after the movie came out everybody started calling coolidge "cooley high." getting high, shooting dice, chasing girls, basement parties, and fights, that sums up high school life for many in d.c. back in the day. i can't forget motown because motown music began and ended many a day back in the 70s. the hits just kept coming. however, cooley high adds a layer of humanity over the craziness because when all was said and done just like in cooley high my classmates and i had a lot of love for each other. and like the characters in cooley high there was life after high school, but there was nothing like waking up every morning and experiencing each day to the fullest from homeroom to seventh period. thirty years later we are getting ready to celebrate those good times. cooley high is definitely a period piece that just gets better with time because like it or not the only thing left from those days are memories, some good, and some bad.this this coming of age dramedy set in chicago in the early 60's, we follow a group of highschool friends as they navigate through the ups and downs of their lives. the two central characters are leroy "preach" jackson (turman) and his best friend richard "cochise" morris (hilton-jacobs.) both of these boys have promising futures. preach is a great writer but a lazy student, and cochise has just received a college scholarship for basketball. when they're not hanging out at the local diner shooting craps with their friends, or hanging out at a friends house or chasing girls, they're skipping school, riding the trains through chicago or going to quarter parties on the weekends.<br /><br />things go wrong when preach and cochise make the mistake of getting involved with two hoods and go joyriding in a stolen car. the police pursue them and they are arrested. but thanks to the efforts of a concerned teacher (snl's garrett morris) they are released. but the two hoods are not, and vow to get revenge on preach and cochise, thinking they blamed the whole thing on them.<br /><br />this movie is very episodic, but it still works because thats what life is, a series of episodes. some funny, some sad, some romantic, some bizarre. the film never gets boring because all the characters are so well played and realistic, and the situations are all believable and relatable. like preach romantically pursuing a beautiful girl, or a party turning violent when some asshole decides to start a fight, or dealing with a bratty younger sibling. but even when a situation isn't personally relatable, like the guys pretending to be undercover cops to con a hooker out of some money so they could get all their friends into a movie, the sequence is still hilarious.<br /><br />'cooley high' was the basis for the classic 70's sitcom 'what's happenin!' which aired on abc from 1976-1979. even though the show is most famous for the character rerun, he is not in this film, nor is there any character remotely like him. the humor of that show was very broad, but still funny. the humor of 'cooley high' is truer to life, and thus more entertaining.<br /><br />additionally, the soundtrack is wonderful. classic songs from that period by diana ross & the supremes, the temptations, martha & the vandellas, and smokey robinson play throughout the film, adding to the fun, youthful, exuberant tone of the film....instead, watch it as a great coming of age tale about african american males in the mid 1960's in the ghettos of chicago. for all of you out there under the age of 50, "what's happening" was a light-hearted rather quirky sitcom with very few serious moments that lasted four years (1975-1979) concerning a group of young african american high school kids living in a working class neighborhood. i liked it a great deal - it just has no real connection to this film. "cooley high" started out as being the basis for "what's happening", but its serious nature did not register well with test audiences, so it was redone as a comedy, even though the credits on "what's happening" still read that it was based on this movie.<br /><br />this film starts out light, but touches many aspects of life unique to the turbulent 1960's and also some other aspects of growing up that are timeless. the guys deal with sex, betrayal, joblessness, hopelessness, and even early death. the ending is quite powerful and serious, and the film has a great motown soundtrack. highly recommended. unfortunately, this film is not new enough to be played on premium cable channels and not considered old enough to be considered a classic movie and played in the few venues for those films either.cooley high is considered one of my best all time movies. it certainly reminds me of days of my youth growing up in the cities of cleveland and chicago during the early, mid, and late 1960's. what ever happened to brenda and pooter? some one need's to track those two down. brenda for her beauty and pooter for his innocent wit. they both deserve to be recognized even 31 years after this film was debuted. i think a lot of the fans of this movie would like to find out what happened to them as well as others who acted in this fun filled movie. i certainly think this movie should be entered into some type of movie hall of fame. all of the cast of this movie was great. my opinion is of " cooley high " is turn back the hands of time, those were the fun years.cooley high is such a great film that even with the period's sound track, urban landscape, wardrobe and slang...it still doesn't feel dated. the sound track by the way is a timeless classic in itself.<br /><br />instead it absorbs you right into it. that is a staple of a good movie. from start to finish it doesn't miss a beat and i never grow tired of watching it.<br /><br />it's ending is unique in the respect that it's one of the saddest and at the same time uplifting of all movie endings. there may have been a few since (backdraft comes to mind) but cooley was the first and much more emotional."cooley high" is one of my favorite movies ever!!! i think i saw this movie years ago on late night tv with my mother when i was little and i thought it was so funny. this movie was also referred to as a "black american graffiti". glynn turman is wonderful as preach and lawrence hilton-jacobs is great as preach's friend cochise. there are some other great characters in it as well, and this movie has a lot of humor packed into it. from the beginning of the movie where cochise goes to preach's home to get ready for school to the sad ending of cochise's funeral, this movie is one that will get you laughing all the way. there are a lot of scenes in this film that i like a lot. the scene where pooter (another one of preach and cochise's friends) go to the zoo with them and gets the gorilla's feces thrown on his shirt (very gross, but funny as well), the first scene in the street corner cafeteria, the quarter party at this girl's house which became a disaster due to a fight, and some others are wonderful to watch. this movie even has a wonderful companion soundtrack album, which is packed with a lot of wonderful motown hits and artists from the early 60s (only 6 songs on the soundtrack were done in '75, while the rest were from the '60s). the movie is mainly about two friends who dream about getting away from their impoverished and rough neighborhood after high school, but their futures seem almost out of reach, due to their innocent joy ride in a stolen car that two other hoods were responsible for, and preach's relationship with his girlfriend, brenda (played by cynthia davis) almost gets put in jeopardy. go out and rent or buy this movie, and be ready for a load of comical entertainment!!! get the soundtrack, too. it is a lot of fun as well!!!this was the very first movie i ever saw in my life back in 1974 or 1975. i was 4 years old at the time and saw it at a drive-in theatre. i did not grasp that this would be a classic at the time (i went to sleep about twenty minutes into the movie). after seeing it on the television-along with two of my other favourite movies car wash (my favourite movie) and the wiz which seemed to come on every year about the same time all together-about 40, 50, 75 times i knew that here was a movie that i would have as one of my favourites. those three movies were the only live action shows that i could watch as a child. <br /><br />i would not consider this to be a blaxploitation movie but rather an urban interest movie.cochise and preach reminded me of some of my uncles especially the wild irish rose that they drank. my mother also told me about some of the quarter parties that she attended and that some of the things that occurred in the movie were similar in nature to what occurred in real life. if you are one of the two or three black people over thirty who hasn't seen this movie yet then i recommend that you buy the dvd right now. i'm glad that i was around to witness some of the goings on of the era.read this:<br /><br />boyz 'n the hood is a scene-by-scene, complete rip-off of this movie.<br /><br />two friends in the hood, one's focused on intellectual pursuits and the other is an athlete. the friend who's an athlete gets involved with the wrong people and gets killed. (the athlete just happens to be washington from 'welcome back, kotter'.)<br /><br />it makes me mad that people don't know this. it blows my mind everytime i go into a video store and boyz 'n the hood is in the 'drama' section while cooley high is in 'comedy'. it's an embarrassing disgrace. this movie is both funnier and more dramatic than john singleton's rip-off. at least singleton could have had the dignity to speak out that his film was homage to cooley high, but no, he never said a word. boys 2 men, however, named their hit record after this film.there is a great danger when you watch a film that had had such a profound affect on you the first time around , that 20 years later , it wont hold the same magic as it did before. i must admit i wasnt expecting it to be as good as i remembered but a was pleasently suprised. p'tang yang kipperbang is still as fantastic as i remember it when i was a 12 year old .this film has a certain type of brilliance that not many films possess. it is engrossing , it is briliantly acted and best of all it makes me feel like a kid again and there isnt many things that can do that. john albasiny and abigail cruttenden's rolls in this film are 1st class and i had forgotten how good they were until now. i urge any parent of teenagers to sit them down and watch this and see if it has the same affect on them as it did on me. p'tang yang kipperbang eehhh! 10 out of 10.this film set the standard for african-american film excellence when it was made. i heard on various stories on the film through time, that there was a push for an academy award nomination when it was released. this film plays on various emotions, and you definitely feel for all of the characters. sure, some of the acting is a little wooden, but fortunately, those parts aren't pivotal. the music is sensational, and if you don't think the ending is a tear-jerker, you have no heart in your chest. if you watch "cooley high", you will see that many, many films have copied various elements from it in order to strengthen their own films. the biggest example of this is "boyz n the hood".now, i am not prone to much emotion, but i cried seeing this movie. it certainly has more appeal among blacks than other ethnic groups, but there is something here for everyone. the classic song "it's so hard to say goodbye" really makes this one worth watching at least once.shameless screen entertainment is a relatively new and british (i think) dvd-label, specializing in smutty and excessively violent cult movies â? mostly italian ones - from the glorious eras when everything was possible, namely from the late 60's up until the mid-80's. the label's selection feels like a crossover between the oeuvres of "mondo macabro" and "no shame" (they probably even borrowed the name of the latter) and they already released some really rare sick italian puppies like "ratman", "my dear killer", "killer nun", "phantom of death" and "torso". "the frightened woman" was completely unknown to me, but since fellow reviewers from around here, whose opinions i hugely value, described it as one of the greatest and most mesmerizing psychedelic euro-sexploitation movies of its era, i didn't hesitate to pick it up. this is a very weird film and probably not suitable for about 99% of the average cinema-loving audiences. if you're part of that remaining 1%, however, you're in for a really unique treat. the style, atmosphere and content are similar to jess franco's "succubus" and massimo dallamano's "venus in furs", yet they're both widely considered as classics whereas "the frightened woman" is virtually unknown. it's all a matter of profiling and good marketing, i guess. the story revolves on a literally filthy rich doctor (he lives in a gigantic secluded mansion, owns multiple old-timer cars and has a very impressive collection of artsy relics including a life-size mannequin doll replica of himself) with a bizarre and slightly offbeat attitude towards women. he considers them a threat for the survival of the male race and thus spends his days kidnapping, humiliating and sexually abusing random he picks up from the street. dr. sayer then abducts the ambitious journalist maria with the intention to completely crush her female spirit, but he slowly falls for her. just he starts to believe in actual love, she strikes back with a vengeance. this really isn't for everyone, but if you can appreciate moody & sinisterly sexy ambiances, bizarre scenery toys and psychedelic touches that seem utterly implausible and surreal, you can consider this one a top recommendation. it's slow, stylishly sleazy and totally bonkersâ? shameless entertainment, all right!dr. sayer(philippe leroy), a wealthy physician with psychological issues regarding the opposite sex, kidnaps an employee, maria(dagmar lassander), a free-thinking liberal woman who believes men must be the ones "fixed" instead of females. sayer retreats to his palatial estate, running maria through a humiliating series of mind games, threatening to molest and kill her. sayer's desire, it seems, is to dominate her body, mind and soul, making her his sexual slave, obeying his commands, adhering to his every wish and whim. after resistance, at first, maria slowly teeters towards his objective, but has plans of her own..she says she wishes to help sayer relinquish his sadistic behavior towards women, so that he could love and not feel such yearning desires to harm. it seems that sayer has her under his grip, agreeing to certain rather embarrassing scenarios(..such as lotioning his toes, "making love" to a blow-up doll which is a recreation of himself, often spending time topless, and even getting hosed down when she slaps him hard across the face bringing blood from his nose)which almost break her, but something happens as the troubled doctor slowly falls in love with maria..and through what appears to be a desperate attempt to end the madness, maria gains an upper hand, toying with sayer's lust for her body.<br /><br />more of a battle of wills, a kind of sexual warfare where it seems one is in charge when in fact the other truly has the upper hand. through a great deal of the film, sayer mistreats maria, forcing her(..it seems)to submit to his series of psychological games of a sexual nature. her attempts to escape fail because his home is such a well designed fortress..it's a typical european art deco kind of palace, fashioned and orchestrated by a man who has kept to this weekend retreat of his for quite a spell(..it features walls and doors opening at his command, with an area quarantined off for his "victims"). but, once maria seemingly downs a bottle of pills as a result of her anguish at his hands, the tables are turned and she has him where she wants him. he finds that he actually craves her and maria uses this to her advantage, playing hard to get when sayer wishes to embrace and ravage her(..and, i could understand his frustration because she has this allure that can drive a man crazy)<br /><br />i felt the film works, ultimately, as a war cry for women, their empowerment and uprising against men who have the notion that they should always have control, sexually and mentally. the "twist" finalizes this ideal. i couldn't swallow sayer's fate because of his rigorous cardiovascular activity and exercise regimen..we see how he develops his toned athletic figure, and how this regimen is part of the normal routine every weekend before the true mind games with his victim begin. if he is so well fit, and spends such time developing himself for the extracurricular activities which follow his regimen, how could he suffer the fate which follows his finalizing the deal with maria at the end when she stops resisting his advances? <br /><br />maria, he would later admit, is the first he's actually kidnapped; others from the past, call-girls, were paid for their services so that sayer could feel the power of dominating a woman, even if it's all a fictitious charade brought about by a deeply troubled individual with an inability to connect with the opposite sex. the spontaneous decision to do so, to take a leap from the norm, costs him more than he could ever know.<br /><br />all this psycho-sexual sub-text is rather fascinating to see unravel, but dagmar lassander, such a yummy sex kitten, was my reason for enjoying it so..without her, i couldn't have liked it as much because she's vital as a victim worth striving to obtain. perhaps the film's highlight, the delicious dance as lassander, clothed in gauze(!), unravels the wardrobe exposing her breasts to a jazzy score..it's the kind of sexually seductive moment that makes your mouth water and forehead sweat. dagmar lassander must've been a joy for fashion designers because she wears those clothes so well..she has this kind of cool, a sophistication and screen presence along with her beauty and seductive powers, dagmar transcends the part to create an iconic character which would define her career..even if the film isn't well known(..i found about through word of mouth). the provocative nature of the script and risquã© subject matter might not appeal to certain crowds as it deals with sex(..and pain) in many different forms, the dialogue quite illustrative and elaborative. at times, i couldn't help but chuckle at sayer's comments towards an imprisoned maria, regarding how he enjoys making women suffer, and the thrill he gets at forcing them into a type of slavery(..in an attempt to make the words poetic, it all feels rather hokey). but, dagmar is the real reason to see it, and the film, to me, works at it's best as a fetish film, a possible male fantasy with this seemingly prim and proper idealist, captured and held against her will, forced into a precarious situation, her fate possibly at the mercy of a complex and possibly dangerous masochist. her submission, and how she reacts towards his aggressive behavior with her(..there are times where she unfolds to a wavering desire to embrace him, unveiling a possible attraction towards him which, in itself, might startle some who watch it)are among the most fascinating highlights of this exploitation feature. my other favorite scene, besides the dance, is the piano concerto with sayer fondling maria as she plays a soothing melody.if you need that instant buzz that only late 60s/early 70s euro sex movies can give off, then look no further for you have just stumbled across the mother lode ! subsequent tv director schivazappa's exercise in psychedelic porn (of the soft core variety) may not generally be considered as a classic of its kind but it knocks many better known titles from the likes of tinto brass, jess franco and joe d'amato for a loop. radley metzger sure was hip to this way before anyone else when he picked up this marvelously twisted little number for us distribution through his company audubon. gorgeous cinematography (favouring symmetrical compositions) may elicit cries of 'pretentiousness' from those who swear by shoddy skin flicks shot in someone's backyard. hey, as far as i'm concerned, it's their loss for this is one thrill ride of a movie with twists so, well, twisted that you may not even believe them after you have actually witnessed them on screen ! dagmar lassander (immortalized as the gone to seed landlady from lucio fulci's house by the cemetery) has never looked more exquisite than she does here, subtly portraying the innocent (?) researcher held hostage by mad medic philippe leroy (with all the art-house favorites to his name, you wonder whether he has the good humor to mention this one on his c.v.) as their initially violent 'relationship' turns to s&m-tinged love story. nothing is what it seems however in this sick and imaginative gem of a movie with several truly erotic moments achieved with surprisingly minimal nudity. i for one was completely baffled and enchanted by the way schivazappa chose to suggest oral sex during one scene (i'll let you find that one out for yourselves...) and lassander's gauze-clad boogie to an impossibly groovy 60s tune should have become iconic in a way similar to the image of sylvia kristel reclining in that wicker chair in her emmanuelle days. you may not know this film just yet, but trust me, once seen you'll never forget it !!!it could not have come from a different country nor from a different time. this movie simply oozes psychedelia influenced late 60s italian cinema. so, pseudo serious and sexually free. sumptuous settings and dreamy music make this a visual and aural delight. plus we get the lovely dagmar lassander, surely at her very best looking. the kinky goings on make for a wild ride and if the romps amidst the mimosa towards the end seem overlong it is but another rather charming trait of the time. you were probably expected to split those few minutes between the screen and your girlfriend and it does of course herald a twist in the proceedings. it might have been better if philippe leroy didn't look quite so odd with his fraying red hair and twisted facial expression. he does well though and has many silent moments where dagmar is cavorting and he has to show a mixture of love and hate. not an ordinary narrative film by any means but for those who like that something different, this is certainly that.i had a great time watching femina ridens a couple of mornings back, somewhat hungover. for most of the film its pretty much a two hander, showing the games and weird relationship of crazy doctor philipe leroy and stunning dagmar lassander. i'd seen her before in a couple of fulci films dying gruesome deaths, but here she is young hip and beautiful. the film is pretty predictable and certainly mild on the exploitation front, but entertaining throughout owing too its marvellous colourful kitsch feel. the set design, music, lighting and cinematography are all classic late sixties italian style, a surreal feast for the eyes and ears and though the general thread of the plot is not too difficult to foresee there are more than enough unusual events and memorably bizarre sights and sounds to keep things interesting throughout. both leads are pretty good, and it bears repeating that dagmar lassander is really, really fine. the music, by stelvo cipriani is gnarly too, perfectly suited to the images. director pierro schivazappa has come up with quite a cracker here, but its not perfect. though very alluring, there's little substance here and the exploitation elements are about as mild as can be. i guess this gives it a sort of charm and innocence but i can't help thinking that the subject matter could have done with more sleaze, more threat, that sorta thing, especially since its pretty simple to figure whats going to happen. this is i suspect a bit pointless for stronger exploitation fans and certainly not for people wanting sex or much nudity. its more of a light, fun pop art affair, lovable but insubstantial, like bubble bath. recommended mainly for those fond of the 60's, dagmar lassander, or sweet set designs.as with footprints (1975), i became aware of this one purely by accident: it was mentioned in a review of the libertine (1969), which i researched when that film turned up on late-night italian tv, as being in a similar vein; incidentally, i missed out on that screening of the libertine (though i acquired it via the same channel later on) but did manage to watch the film by way of a rental of the english-dubbed r1 dvd during my sojourn in hollywood in late 2005/early 2006. actually, in view of the enthusiastic reviews for it, i was let down by the libertine â?? being too light-hearted in nature for what was essentially a serious theme (the sado-masochistic relationship between a young couple)!; to be honest, for much of the time, i was afraid that the frightened woman would go the exact same routeâ?¦but was subsequently amply redeemed by a wicked (if not exactly unpredictable) final twist.<br /><br />the film concerns the freethinking social attitudes and dazzling creative arts prevalent in this era: an eminent philanthropist (philippe leroy) invites a female journalist (dagmar lassander) at his fashionable home for the week-end; however, it transpires that heâ??s a misogynist who distrusts all members of the opposite sex and would rather dominate (or even kill) them! therefore, for the first half of the narrative, we see the heroine enduring pain and humiliation at leroyâ??s hands (including being forced to make love to a dummy in his own image!)â?¦until the tables are subtly, but unsurprisingly, turned: she not only emancipates herself from his control, but teaches him that man and woman can co-exist harmoniously â?? except that lassanderâ??s following her own personal agenda as well!! <br /><br />the leads are perfectly cast, and the film itself often darkly comic for those in the mood; furthermore, itâ??s greatly abetted by a typically effervescent â??euro-cultâ?? score (from the ever-reliable stelvio cipriani) and the imaginative â?? even outrã© â?? look (the giant structure depicting the lower section of the female form, with a steel-trap where its sexual organ should be, seems to emanate from freud: incidentally, this prop figured prominently in stills iâ??d seen previously from the frightened womanâ?¦but it barely registers in the film proper!). other bizarre touches include the preposterous radio program â??sexual aberrations and the starsâ??, and an idyll at a castle belonging to leroyâ??s family complete with secret passage through the wardrobe and a dwarfish manservant. one of the highlights, then, is easily lassanderâ??s erotic dance virtually in the nude â?? an episode which actually spearheads the â??humanizationâ?? of leroy; eventually, the two characters have a â??showdownâ?? in the latterâ??s pool â?? amusingly set to a spaghetti western-type theme! <br /><br />in the long run, for all its stylishness, the film emerges as inferior to the similar but much more extreme contemporaneous japanese masterpiece by yasuzo masumura blind beast (1969). finally, itâ??s worth noting that the frightened woman was distributed in the u.s. by film-maker radley metzgerâ??s company audubon films; he would even employ its production designer (enrico sabbatini) for his own camille 2000 (1969)! to get to the edition i watched: apart from the usual shortcomings in the english-dubbing department, the presentation here was further marred by a rather washed-out appearance and brief instances of distracting extraneous noise on the soundtrack! by the way, there seems to be some confusion with respect to the filmâ??s running-time: its length given on various sources ranges anywhere from 84 to 108 minutes â?? all i can say, however, is that the copy i own ran for 87 minutes!from today's point of view it is quite ridiculous to rate this film 18 (or x in the us). the film has a sexual, yet sublime erotic story to tell, but the pictures are rather innocent. throughout the movie you feel and see the spirit of the late 60s and early 70s in the fashion, the dialogues and the typical experimental cinematography and lighting. and this is exactly the part that makes it worth seeing.one year after 'love thy neighbour' made its i.t.v. debut, it followed the route taken by 'on the buses' and 'steptoe & son' by graduating onto the big screen, in a picture made by hammer films. it opens with a stirring patriotic speech lauding the virtues of england's green and pleasant land, then cuts to a shot of eddie and bill walking up a street, arguing furiously. this escalates into a strange sequence of white and black neighbours vandalising their each other's homes. at least the original theme tune is retained ( even if it is sung by someone other than stuart gillies ).<br /><br />the local paper - 'the gazette' - is holding a contest to find the best neighbours, the winners landing a mediterranean cruise. barbie suggests to joan that they should enter. the thing is, can bill and eddie stay friends long enough to win it? that's the main part of the plot. the film is by and large episodic. one chunk is lifted directly from season 1, namely bill and eddie going to the club pretending to be on 'union business'. in reality they're going to see a stripper ( not meeting two girls ). another portion of the movie has bill, along with other black factory workers ( in the series he was the only one ), breaking a strike eddie has helped bring about by various ploys ( including being smuggled in through the gates in beer barrels ). while another ( seemingly inspired by powell and driver's 'for the love of ada' ) sees eddie's talkative mother ( the magnificent patricia hayes ) getting friendly with bill's father ( charles hyatt ).<br /><br />the climax to episode 1 season 1 reappears in an expanded form. bill once more puts on paint and a towel to terrify eddie, but his friends join him, and they dance round a drum containing a naked booth, so that they can pretend to cook and eat him. eddie then has to make his way home in the nude ( surprisingly, there is less nudity here than there was in episode 2 season 2 ).<br /><br />the film ends with the reynolds and the booths winning the 'love thy neighbour' contest, and taking the cruise together, but there's an unexpected twist involving joan's sex-mad brother cyril ( james beck - 'private walker' of 'dad's army' ), who is working as a steward.<br /><br />this is your typical '70's sitcom-into-movie, with all the faults usually prevalent in such films. the laughs are scattered about, and interest wanes after about half an hour. the cast is augmented by familiar faces such as melvyn hayes ( cast as 'terry', a character from episode 2 season 1, played on that occasion by leslie meadows ), bill fraser ( as the factory manager ), anna dawson, andria lawrence ( who seems to have been in every '70's british comedy film, mostly cast as nymphomaniacs ), and arthur english. the director, john robins, was also responsible for the 'man about the house' movie.<br /><br />funniest moment - while eddie sleeps in a quiet part of the factory, bill paints his face black. the first he knows of it is when the manager's secretary screams in terror. the tables have been turned!just as a reminder to anyone just now reading the comments on this excellent bbc mini-series, published in 1981, it was not available on dvd until the last few years. since then, it has become available, but initially only in the british format (for which i bought an 'international' dvd player, which you have to hack--illegally, i suspect, to see it), but the series is now available through amazon.com--3 discs-- for between $19-21, to be viewed on dvd in the us format, no hacking. there were 41 reviews, average 5 stars. this mini-series is one of the very best on oppenheimer, or the manhattan project, or virtually anything produced by the bbc.this is a great comedy, highlighting what it was like to live next door to racist bigot. but also shows that both main characters are actually as bad as each other. based on the hit itv comedy, this is very politically incorrect. and its all the better for it, comedy after all is to entertain. the movies only real drawback is there isnt much of a plot. however the cast are as great as usual. jack smethurst and rudolph walker make one hell of a team, playing off each other in a oneupmanship kind of way.it's been many years since i saw this movie and last week was finally able to buy it on dvd. the fact that the movie still contains genuine laugh out loud moments, means that i can recommend this movie, just like i would of back in the 1970's.a slick production which holds the interest from the very first scene where max is choosing a ring in a jeweller's shop. much of what follows reminds us of shakespeare's "a mid-summer night's dream" in which demetrius and lysander fall in love with each other's girl-friends. here max and lucien both prone to love at first sight get mixed up with lisa and alice, and alice complicates things when she calls herself lisa. on top of the merry mix-up, max is inclined to get involved in incidents which bring back memories of two years ago. and because max has a lot of these dreamy episodes we are subjected to one flashback after another,too many in my opinion because at first viewing of the film , i wasn't quite sure if i was in the present or the past.there is much running down corridors, stairways, through doorways, into elevators etc. i accept all that in a fast-paced film but do we have to have so many people colliding with each other? after four collisions it ceases to have any impact, if you'll excuse the pun. high marks for art design! the apartment itself is really beautiful with its tasteful decor, but i do ask myself how a couple of young women can afford such luxury in paris. saving a person intent on suicide from jumping out of a window is always exciting and it is in this film too when max almost exits at the same time. however a kiss or two soon makes him feel better. if you can manage to find your way through all the flashbacks, you'll finally find yourself at the airport where max's devoted sister gives him a most affectionate kiss. it can be said it is she who resolves the complications of love, like puck in a "mid-summer night's dream".a movie visually graceful but interesting is mainly the plot. the film depicts a zigzag progress of exploring the main actor's innermost feeling. max, who has lived in new york for two years and intend to marry a girl he met there, comes back to paris and unexpectedly meets his ex-girlfriend whom he still fancies very much but finally finds out the one he loves the most in fact is her best friend. non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well. the three women max has met symbolize something we must pursue although possibly having no clear picture about the underlying motivations. his fiancee is the one he needs rather than the one he loves and thus completely no loyalty we can see. she gives him also no love but only stability. true love also cannot be found in his relation with the ex-girlfriend. merely a fantasy for him to escape - many things very romantic he has done for her but almost nothing seems amenable. the one who really animates max's life in fact is her best friend. the equilibrium achieved at the end is not identical to the initial equilibrium because max has understand much more about his innermost feeling. the nonlinear structure makes the progress of searching look more complicated. not equally ingenious as "pulp fiction" but things seem much more natural in "the apartment". max is not the only character who undergoes a transformation and in fact interesting is also the description to romane bohringer. the good cinematography also makes her and monica bellucci look very beautiful. a good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing. <br /><br />this is easily my favourite film. a tragic romance intertwined with a complex mystery whose threads are all but invisible until they all unravel at the end in one fantastic rush. sheer brilliance.<br /><br />i'd love to see some more of gilles mimouni's work, but at least according to imdb, he hasn't made any other features. has the high quality of this work made producing another too daunting a task? has he moved (back) into some other sphere of creative endeavour? i certainly hope this won't be his final feature but i can't really blame him if he decides to stop with this gem as his only contribution to the world of feature films.so here's a bit of background on how i came to see this movie. as you probably know, this is the original french film, that was then remade (quelle surprise) by hollywood as wicker park. well i avoided that movie like the plague when it was first released, simply because, a) i knew it had absolutely nothing to do with wicker park, and living in chicago, i didn't see why they called it that - it was filmed in fricking canada for a start! - b) i have a very hard time bothering with pointless remakes, done purely because hollywood thinks we're too bone idle to read a few subtitles (i am dreading the remake of infernal affairs by the way) and c) i can't stand josh hartnett, 'nuff said there. <br /><br />however, i came across wp on tv the other day, probably about half an hour in, and i have to say initially, it made no sense at all, until about half an hour from the end, when it started coming together. by the end, i was really surprised to find myself really into it, and then the ending just seemed so good - a perfect combination of story, passion and ending with possibly one of the greatest musical choices i've ever seen (heard??).<br /><br />since then i've heard a lot about the l'appartement vs. wicker park argument and looking at wp, i still say it has bugger all to do with chicago, but there seemed something about it that i liked, so when it was on again, i watched it again - unfortunately, still missing the first chunk (i've still yet to see it!), and i still thought it was pretty good. heck, even josh hartnett seemed good! but i was curious about l'appartement and wanted to see what all the fuss was about. so i waited and waited to catch l'appartement somewhere somehow. netflix let me down, so i ended up getting a copy from some website in ireland. and i've just watched it. <br /><br />it's really kind of weird, but a good weird. a classic french film. great acting, romane bohringer is an absolute gem - sorry, but she acts monica bellucci off the screen in every scene. vincent cassel was a weird choice for the lead but by the end he works. and i've seen jean-philippe ecoffey in a lot of movies and i just love him - the scene where alice dumps him in the restaurant and he just looks like someone's told him his puppy's been run over was excruciating! but, i can honestly say, having seen wp and pretty much expecting that to have been a scene for scene copy (as about 75% of the rest of the movie had been - maybe in a different order, but come on, the scene with the coffee in the glasses?? word for word!!), you can imagine my surprise when i watched the ending of l'appartement!! i can literally say i was blown away - hmm, a bit like poor old lucien was through the cafe window really! so, be prepared, if you've seen wicker park and you fancy taking a look at the original like i did, do not make the mistake of expecting an identical movie, because you'll either be disappointed, or exhilarated at a piece of french movie history - a prime example of how you can watch a movie, think you're going to watch a pithy happy ending, and get whiplash from the total spin in the opposite direction right at the end. definitely catch this movie. oh and while you're at, maybe not too near the same time, but down the road, take a look at wicker park, it'll surprise you too.gilles mamouni is playing with the audience with the story of max (vincent cassel) in search of his biggest lost love (monica bellucci) just before to get engaged to another woman. mamouni uses many flashbacks sequences without warning so the best way to know where we are in the story is to watch for the actor's haircut. oherwise it can get very confusing... still a strong film debut for mamouni, beautifully photographed by thierry arbogast (the 5th element, the messenger), and monica bellucci is a darling to watch ... i felt a little disappointed near the end so i gave it 9 out of 10.i loved this. it starts out as a fairly normal, slightly ponderous french art movie and then all of a sudden, halfway through it's turned on it's head. this part is brilliant as you realise you have been watching 2 plots not one. sadly, the ending doesn't make much sense, which is a great shame. oh yes, and it's brilliantly filmed.this is a wonderful thriller i watched many times and never can get enough of.it's all about the obsessive love 5 people have for eachother in paris, (un)lucky coincidences, false identities.the music makes it really gripping.there are hardly any flaws in the characters,just the end is not very credible,but a definite "must-see" still.a very enjoyable french film. this film has many twists and turns in the plot and is superb. i have found that when i lend this dvd out to a friend it seems to do the rounds before getting back to me!! it is really all about a man making sure he finds the right girl to settle down with.several years ago i saw this film, without subtitles, on television, and despite me not understanding a word of what the characters were saying i still got the general idea, and the mood of the film fascinated me no ends.<br /><br />at long last i saw it again a few weeks ago. my heart skipped when i saw the picture in the television guide, and for 8 days until the film was really shown i told everybody i knew to go and see it. the story reminded me a bit of alfred hitchcock's vertigo. a slow, brooding film about a guy who one day believes he sees the girlfriend that disappeared years before. what follows is a wild rollercoaster ride of flashbacks, changing perspectives and really inventive twists in the plot, and at the end of the film i was left breathless. i had definitely not got what i had expected (and i had actually already seen the film!). be prepared to be confused.<br /><br />9 out of 10like an earlier commentor, i saw it in 1980 and have never been able to shake the memory of the gripping story, splendid acting, and dramatic musical score. it certainly contains some of sam waterston's finest work. he and the writers depict oppenheimer not simply as an unjustly victimized hero -- which he was -- but also as naive, fond of alcohol, and snobbish, a rounded portrait instead of a stereotype.not all movies should have that predictable ending that we are all so use to, and it's great to see movies with really unusual twists. however with that said, i was really disappointed in l'apartment's ending. in my opinion the ending didn't really fit in with the rest of the movie and it basically destroyed the story that was being told.<br /><br />you spend the whole movie discovering everyone and their feelings but the events in the final 2 minutes of the movie would have impacted majorly on everyones character but the movie ends and leaves it all too wide open.<br /><br />overall though this movie was very well made, and unlike similar movies such as serendipity all the scenes were believable and didn't go over the top.magnificent, original, beautiful movie. the acting is great, the settings en decors are superb (paris at its best- but then the real paris, not the famous settings) and the music will do also. a brilliant storie, very detailed, which i just very much love.<br /><br />the best french movie i've seen (and french cinema is very good)!i think the film makes a subtile reference to rouge of kieslowski, as the whole atmosphere gives me a feeling of red. it seems to be that a lot of the backgrounds contain red, think of the tea-room f.e. i also think this is one of the greatest movies of the last years.l'appartement is, i think, a very purposeful hitchcockian film. the plot was rife with symbolism (ie the white and red roses) and plot twists which wrapped themselves up neatly. the look was very parisian and pulled you closer to the story. i saw it in london and very much regret that it is not out on video in the statesan obsessive love story, where the characters have been extremely convincing. i think this film highlights the talent of professional actors. specially for vincent cassel who wouldn't (at the time it was filmed) be the first character you think of for such a role. and yes he did succeed to seduce the beautiful monica belluci, beyond the film, during this creation. i can only say, that this film should have been released at it is in the usa, instead of thinking of doing a remake. it is simply so french, almost perverted....and yet so true...this film should stay untouched...<br /><br />a director that should definitely get more projects as this kind of subject requires the right amount of ingredients to not make it a flop..in this tense and character-driven romantic tragi-comedy, we are given an insight into the intertwining lives of four thirtysomething parisians. at the centre is vinz cassell's portrayal of max. a starry-eyed romeo, he falls head over heels for beautiful stranger lisa (bellucci). encouraged by his put-upon best friend lucien (ã?coffey, in an understated but effective performance), he wins her heart and they live happily ever after... that is, until the scheming, neurotic and obsessive alice (the versatile romane bohringer) becomes very involved in the lives and loves of the other three.<br /><br />the rich plot is thickened by a curious chronological jumble, and the movie emerges as an intricate jigsaw, the eye-candy of picture-postcard paris at the heart of it all. the use of colour does not go unnoticed, particularly in lisa's spectacular apartment (presumably accounting for the film's title), where the reds and yellows provoke the fires of passion and lust.<br /><br />the audience can relate to max: he truly wears his heart on his sleeve and is constantly punished by irony and circumstance for it. in one memorable scene, our fated lovers (agonisingly separated by a 'choreographed' misunderstanding) narrowly miss out on the chance meeting that would surely reunite them. independent of one another, they travel to the same destination: her on the metro, him in a taxi, practically tãªte-ã -tãªte. yet fate seems to have it in for them, and the audience is captivatingly teased.<br /><br />the performances in this film are really what make l'appartement stand out. i still cannot understand why vincent cassell is not a big star outside france. he has presence and diversity in abundance. monica bellucci (cassell's real-life spouse at the time of writing) has recently found fame in the anglophone film industry, but perhaps for the wrong reasons - true, she is divinely beautiful, but behind that is a talented actress who can dominate a scene in classic 'leading-lady' style, which many british and american actresses dismiss in favour of the all-too-easy 'subtle' approach.<br /><br />all in all, watch this film! i doubt you'll be disappointed. it is gripping, satisfying, amusing, sad, lavish, and a lesson in artistic film-making.a lot has already been written about the film itself, so instead of adding to the noise i just want to say a few words on the two female actors.<br /><br />it has to be a daunting prospect for any actress to star, in a sense, versus the spectacular monica bellucci, but romane bohringer pulls it off to sensational ends. a film starring monica bellucci where i fall in love with the other girl?? that's not supposed to happen.<br /><br />it's been said a thousand times, but monica bellucci strikes the saddest figure in modern cinema. i have never before seen such innate sadness. she would not be out of place breaking lon chaney's heart.since the plot like vertigo or brian depalma's obsession, till to the score by peter chase that reminds the sounds of bernard herrmann, this little pearl seems to be sight from fews. remarkable playing by romane boeringer and vincent cassel in a bohemian paris portrayed from the famous thierry arbogast. a little cult! it is a pity that the only version available on dvd are the french one and the english. directed by a controversial artist as gilles mimouni, it could be considered a little homage to the cinema masterworks. it is a french movie, and as all of them, not for all, we could say a d'essai cinema. even if not so publicized, it could be remembered for several reason.all credit to writer/director gilles mimouni who fashioned this winding, twisting tale of deceit and betrayal. while keeping the utmost control, he maintains the audience at arm's length, never allowing them to become completely aware of the goings on. even his clever denouement has you guessing.<br /><br />the three central performances are also top class, with vincent cassel, romane bohringer and monica bellucci doing their utmost to add to the mystery. jean-phillippe ecoffey supplements strength in his supporting role. to give away plot details or character specifics would not be fair.<br /><br />thierry arbogast uses the camera effectively to sweep us through this enigma, and cardine biggerstaff's editing keeps the story a step ahead of us. the theme from peter chase is sublime in its marriage to the ideal of the script.<br /><br />many may say gilles mimouni is trying to confront several deeper issues on the them of love. for me this is simply a haunting, elusive riddle that weaves a fascinating web. only the french are capable of such tantalisation. hollywood would have ruined this with a happy ending.<br /><br />monday, march 2, 1998 - hoyts croydon<br /><br />no-one does thriller quite like the french. when they get it right, they really get it right.<br /><br />vincent cassell is intriguing as the deceptive max, romane bohringer obsessive as the new lisa, and monica bellucci is mysterious as the first lisa. the plot from gilles mimouni is a whirlwind of deliberate deception and fatally crossed wires.<br /><br />all credit must go to his manipulation of the clever plot, and the performances from the three leads. as lucien, jean-phillippe ecoffey is strong and emotional.<br /><br />friday, january 15, 1999 - videothis is a clever story about relationships and a display of three main categories of players in the game of relationships: playboys (max), manipulative women (alice) and the fools who may be indeed in love (lisa, muriel and lucien).<br /><br />max and alice are very unlikeable and perhaps despicable characters but who are always in control in the game leaving their partners around in the dark. but as the profusely discussed ending tells us, as veteran players as max and alice were, they would be happy to part ways anytime they see fit as if the game was just announced to be over and each one of them could not care less to get on with his or her own life and play another game with some other anonymous people when another opportunity presented itself. lisa, muriel and lucien might be the ones who felt like investing something real in a relationship, only not being able to realise that they were the baits in the game and the ultimate losers (as far as what we were shown is concerned....who knows if they are also advance players of some sort in their worlds not shown to us on screen).<br /><br />this is a very fast-paced, delicately crafted and seductively witty story with an enticing execution by the cast. it also deserves some deeper thinking: how much is real in a game of relationship?>>> great news there is a bbc dvd release scheduled for 31st july 2006,uk - there is also a scheduled release in states - don't know the date - can't wait ! ! <<<<<br /><br />>>>> below is my original comment <<<<<<br /><br />i agree with all the other reviewers - it is simply staggering that one of the greatest tv dramas ever has never been released on dvd<br /><br />the story line is gripping - the acting is outstanding and the character development is enthralling !<br /><br />over here in the uk we have quite a history of getting tv drama series and films out onto dvd through popular campaigns <br /><br />it's very hard to see why the rights owners do not go into a dvd production ? i'm going to e:mail one of the leading players in this grass roots movement and see what happens. who did the production ? was it bbc ? rwi just saw this film again, i believe for the sixth time. i will doubtless see it many more times. this is one of the most brilliant french films ever made. although the film is mysterious, even more mysterious is what happened to the writer and director, gilles mimouni. for ten years he has not made another film, and this was his only one. the story and execution of this ingenious film are perfect, and it is clearly paying homage continually to both hitchcock and buster keaton. the split-second timing of the movements is just as carefully controlled as the scene where the side of a house falls on keaton in 'steamboat bill junior', and he is only not killed by inches. in this film, people stoop and turn and pass one another unawares, and if they had been one second off, they would have collided. the storyline thus walks a tightrope of chance events to such an intense degree that you cannot take your eyes off the screen for even a millisecond, or you will miss something crucial. the haunting, albeit intentionally repetitive, music by peter chase is reminiscent of hitchcock's 'vertigo', and the whole film has the same eerie quality, but whereas hitchcock had one woman be two women, mimouni has two women be one woman, thereby inverting the plot structure. there are passing references to other hitchcock films, but it is 'vertigo' which is central to the inspiration of this film. the theme may seem superficially to be obsessive love, but the film is really about the magic of everyday chance events, the invisible threads behind the tapestry, the ineffable. everything is hyper-charged with passionate love and desire, but the desire transcends its object and struggles towards something behind and beyond the object. that is why it is so easily transferable from lisa to alice, when it is realised that it is alice who is more mysterious than lisa, and it is alice who truly embodies the eternal mystery. the film is ultimately 'made' by romane bohringer. she is so fascinating that she outshines monica bellucci, which is really something to pull off, considering that bellucci is a knockout beauty, whereas bohringer is what the english call 'plain'. however, romane bohringer had even at this early date more than mastered the art of 'personality dominance', whereby beautiful girls fall by the wayside and don't get noticed because romane is being so fascinating you can't take your eyes off her long enough even to look at the beautiful girls, and you end up only thinking of her. most of us remember, i'm sure, her father richard bohringer lying in a bathtub listening to opera in the film 'diva' many years ago. i would rather watch romane than richard lying in a bathtub, but there seems to be some genetic secret to being fascinating, because richard bohringer is spellbinding too, and he isn't even a woman. romane looks as if she may turn into anna magnani when she is much older, and that means she will get an oscar, if someone can only write another 'rose tattoo' for her. the girl has so much passion inside her, she could set the seine on fire. wouldn't it be wonderful if she and julie delpy teamed up? this film made wonderful use of paris locations. but where is this 'square in the luxembourg'? it looked like place furstenburg to me. maybe i missed something. i must watch the film another six times, just to study the precision of the timing and who brushes past whom, and make sure i've got it right. the whole thing is like ten gigantic simultaneous chess games played blindfolded by a grandmaster. how thrilling it all is! romane, you can look through my window anytime! mimouni, come on over, let's discuss impossibilities, unlikelihoods, coincidence, synchronicity, everything that is going on that is invisible and how it effects the visible. and once again, we have here the spirit of breton's novel 'nadja' embodied in a great french work of art. more! more! more!apartmente'l is one of the most interesting movies that i have ever seen. i experienced extreme frustration while watching this movie as i was gunning for the two leads to reunite. that never happened in the end which disappointed me to no end. but the ending lends an even more cynical touch to a generally cynical movie. it is not a movie which people are likely to rewatch but one watch itself will have a deep impact on people. as of now i haven't rewatched the movie and i don't think i will.<br /><br />the story follows the experiences of a man, max, who is engaged to be married to muriel. he remembers his old girlfriend lisa(he considers this the love of his life) as he listens, by accident, to lisa talking on the telephone. thus he tries to find lisa. here starts his extremely frustrating search for lisa. there are many layers to this movie. there are undercurrents of jealousy, vouyeurism and so on. there is also another character called alice who is involved in the whole confusion. the movie then moves through a whole range of twists and finally leads to an ending which could be interpreted in many ways. it is fascinating how this movie has only four main characters but the clever writing makes it interesting and unique. what i love about the fact is that a movie about obsession, jealousy is done in such a light hearted manner. it has a very fast pace which is probably the reason why it can appeal to a large audience. the main character, max, has shades of grey and i felt the ending was perfect. i don't think he is supposed to be a clean character considering the fact he is searching for his long lost love while he is engaged and he also has a fling with alice.<br /><br />the character of alice is even worse. her manipulation and her compulsive lying can really irritate viewers(that is the point, i guess). the scene where she breaks down in front of lucien really shows another facet of her character. it shows a side of her that wants to be accepted and that she is tired of all the lying and the games and she wants to lead a normal life. in the end, she understands that she needs to get away from it all. the ending lends a cynical touch. because it seems as if max's love for alice is temporary and fake. it is as if to say that love in general is a temporary emotion and it is better to choose the safe option(i.e muriel) than to pursue something that is so fleeting(i.e lisa or alice). in many ways this is not really a romantic movie but a satire about romance(in a way).<br /><br />the performances deserve high praise. vincent cassel as max gives a great performance. he perfectly portrays the confusion of a man who is not really sure about his engagement. his geeky looks are an added advantage as it fits the character perfectly. but the real star of the movie is romane bohringer as alice. her nuanced portrayal of a woman who is jealous of alice and is in love with max. the scene where she screams "i am a nutcase too" really shows her desperation and her yearning to live a normal life with a man who loves her.<br /><br />btw i also thought lesbianism is another interpretation that can be drawn from this movie. alice's actions can be explained in many ways. and her unreasonable obsession with lisa may also be explained as a manifestation of a lesbian desire. it may be far-fetched considering she encourages lisa to forgive her current boyfriend. but i got the feeling that she was a lesbian for a long time. she also avoids questions from lisa regarding a boyfriend. she spends a whole lot of time with lisa and she is happy during that time. that may lead many to question her sexual orientation.<br /><br />overall i would give it a 9/10. i think it deserves it but i subtracted one because of the rewatchability factor. i think it is a perfect movie otherwise.this sad romance is untellable because the director decides to break its narration and to offer the points of view of each characters. so, there are a lot of flashbacks, of re-shooting of the same scene. but, it would be an extraordinary moment of cinema to put all the fragments in order to see the result! <br /><br />and it would worth it, because it's for me, just one the best french movie ever made! <br /><br />it has everything: <br /><br />cast: first steps of monica bellucci and vincent cassel! such a presence and such voices, even for a hard-of-hearing! it's symbolic for them to have fallen in love with this movie!<br /><br />directing: his camera is bright, alive, plays with the sets or can be mysterious with long close-up "ã  la david lynch".<br /><br />cinematography: the light is beautiful, between gold and rust, like their love!<br /><br />a never-seen before paris: it's a paris out-of-time of more accurately, a composite of a lot of districts! huge search here! it's look like gotham city, modern and old at the same time! <br /><br />music: not the big orchestra but in perfect tune with the frames. and the song of charles aznavour made me discover this great singer! <br /><br />ah, â? the story! as i said, it's a love story but rather tragic: saying that love can be for nothing, that it doesn't make all people happy or isn't guaranteed for a sweet ending is great because this message isn't often told! love is passion, which is derivative from the latin "pain". you can suffer a lot when you are in love! because of the why .. ?, of the endless waiting, the lack of courage, the indecision. <br /><br />and when you can ease yourself, fate, destiny, god (?), devil (?) can stab you in the back , just because you arrive too soon or too late, and above all, because love means 2 in a world of billions! a lot of things can happen and as much stories can be written! so, what's love? <br /><br />personally, i lived some moments like this: in a car with the dear one. her mobile rings and you know it's her "special friend" whom she kisses goodbye (and not you, even if we are always together). so, you want to go out of this car to leave them together, to not hear the sweet but cruel words but you can't, because an amazing hard rain just started! <br /><br />i found that this movie depicts those moments of tragedy as no one else!when i watched l'appartement with my girlfriend, she sighed: "how complicated!" and she is right, of course. when you are used to simple, one-linear plots, especially violent hero vs crook schemes, l'appartement is hard to follow. a couple of the negative reviewers here also have missed one or more important points. other whine about the confusing flash backs. come on! this is not the kind of movie from which you can leave to visit the toilet, come back and get hooked again within a few seconds. this one demands full concentration and a keen eye on details. then it is really not that hard to figure out what's happening and when. the director has left more than enough clues in all scenes.<br /><br />the first 3/4 of the movie centers about the question: why did max and lisa split? the film, as my girlfriend remarked, begins as a romantic lovestory, suggesting that two lost lovers will find each other again. having experience with french movies, i predicted that the story pretty soon would get a sick twist and i was right. in the end of the first part it becomes clear, after many twists and turns, that max and lisa were manipulated by alice. max did not know, that lisa had left and why. lisa did not know, why max did not contact her in rome and left her without a trace, when she returned to paris. the only one who did was alice and she had her own reasons to keep her mouth shut.<br /><br />after both max and lisa have found out the truth, the question of course becomes: can alice's manipulations be undone? well, of course not, time has passed by and things have changed.<br /><br />many european movies use a story telling technique i fully enjoy. there is no exposition of the basic conflict in the beginning, after which two (or more) interested parties try to decide in their own advantage. instead the spectator is gradually fed with bits and pieces of the plot and hardly knows more than the main characters. l'appartement is a fine and subtle example of this technique. in the first half alice seems to be a side character; slowly it becomes clear, that she is key figure.<br /><br />acting is simply great. vincent cassel is perfect as the somewhat naive and impulsive character, who risks a secured life just to hunt a dream from the past. monica belucci is very beautiful of course, but also competent. jean paul ecoffey provides the necessary comical touch. romane bohringer is very convincing as the neurotic woman, plagued by feelings of guilt and regret.<br /><br />the only reason i did not gave it a 10 is the somewhat unsatisfying end. of course it was necessary because of the desired symmetry. after all the events max is exactly on the point where the movie begun, only wiser and sadder. alice has paid for her sins. but still the little twists on the airport are a bit artificial. max too easily exchanges lisa for alice; alice too easily decides to reject max, who has been her dream for so long; max too easily returns to his fiancã©e. but then again, i don't know how how this could be achieved without sacrificing the elegant symmetry. i guess sometimes artists have to give up realism for beauty.a wonderful story about the consequences of obsessive love with the beautiful romantic back streets of paris as its location. we're transported through time and see the plot develop from the perspectives of the three main characters as the mystery unwinds.i watched this film for the second time tonight after about three years and it was as wonderful as before...<br /><br />there are more than a dozen modern stunning french films from en couer de hiver to the three colours trilogy and all of them are special. this film is one of them. a true delight with so many great things going for it from the homage to hitchcock to two beautiful ladies in romane and monica. while monica is very beautiful, romane is a very sexy lady and steals many of the scenes she inhabits.<br /><br />i am not sure why people think this film is convoluted as the scenes are such a perfect blend of past and present acting as a counterpoint to the characters' own remarkable journey that the film simply flows and you barely realise that 116 minutes of beauty and mystery have left the viewed enchanted and bewitched. <br /><br />like most french and european films this story would never translate across the atlantic as no studio could capture the magic without throttling the life out of it with the hollywood bleaching common to most movies that become lost in translation. americans make brilliant films, but not of this type... perhaps if they let someone like a young polanski work on it then maybe they would not totally butcher an english version...<br /><br />for those who do not watch subtitled films you will spend a lifetime in ignorant bliss. for those who can read then you would be spiting yourself to miss films like this...<br /><br />i would describe this as neo-franco-noir, but only to cheese off the reviewer who called this film elitist. i think i saw him doing an add for four-and-twenty-pies. he thinks romane bohringer is a type of french mayonnaise...it is arty in the way that pulp fiction is arty...but with more gallic savoire faire...<br /><br />10 out of 10 with every viewing...and has anyone got romane's phone number...she is the perfect french salad dressing...forget the recent dire american remake which sadly tarnished the reputation of the french original by virtue of the director's involvement in both. this is a deftly- drawn romantic 90s noir with many twists and turns. it works best as a gallic ode to hitchcock's rear window, because the notion of voyeurism is the constant theme that fires the intricate screenplay. the story is stunningly realized, like a picasso painting, offering multi-perspectives on the same event and demanding the viewer's participation throughout. the settings, music and haunting score are wonderful as well as the excellent contributions from the cast. watch it more than once.this is a fabulous film.<br /><br /> the plot is a good yarn, and is imaginatively told in a series of flashbacks and alternative points of view. what was deliberate, and what was coincidence? who is in love with who?<br /><br /> you get the chance to put yourselves in the shoes of each of the characters in turn (sometimes literally), and this helps define each character to a satisfying depth.<br /><br /> with a bit of effort following the twists and turns, you can understand each of the characters; and key events in the film are reshot from the point of view of different people.<br /><br /> take the opportunity if it comes again to your arthouse cinema; it looks good on the big screen.<br /><br /> more than keeping you guessing, the plot twists to such an extent that you just sit and watch what unfolds - i defy anyone to predict!<br /><br /> but more likely you will need more than one viewing - i saw this at the pictures on its original release three times, and it got better each time.<br /><br /> the acting was very good, with a standout performance by romane bohringer as alice torn in three directions by the three other characters in the ensemble.<br /><br /> a classic. the second-best film of the 1990s."l'appartement" has to be among the best french films i have ever seen (along with "hatred", also starring vincent cassel, and those great gerard dã©pardieu/pierre richard movies). cassel and bellucci are amazing in the leading roles. aside from "brotherhood of the wolves" and "dobermann" i have not yet seen a bad movie with this couple. "l'appartement" sucks you in from the beginning and the twists and turns keep you thrilled until the very end. fragment storytelling really hasn't worked this well since "pulp fiction". let's just hope there won't be a godawful american remake of this unique romance/mystery-thriller. (edit: guess what! a godawful american remake has been made!)!this is an astonishing film: a romantic thriller with a convoluted but perfectly constructed and devastatingly symmetrical plot, brilliantly buttressed by the use of recurring visual motifs. everything in it is beautifully filmed: the women, the apartments; but more amazing is the devastating juxtapositioning of images, almost every scene has echoes of another. this is a story told in light, in colour, in many almost-parallels. every time i watch it, it fills me with delight.<br /><br />the acting is great too. romane bohringer is stunning as a woman on the verge of a nervous breakdown: everything about her changes with her mood. vincent cassel plays a very different role to his part in la haine; but no less excellently: shifty and sympathetic at the same time. and monica bellucci - ah!, monica bellucci, well, put simply, she plays (is?) the world's most perfect woman. there's one small scene about three quarters of the way through where she does nothing more than smile; yet in that instant, says more than hours of hollywood junk.<br /><br />one cannot do justice to this film without at least mentioning the superb, sequential climax: sad, shocking, ironic and subtle in turn. but if one moment captures the brilliance of this work, it's the scene at the start of this fabulous denouement, the prospect of which has been teasingly laid before us throughout the entire story. yet when the moment comes, it is handled so delicately, so briefly, so deftly, that on reflection it makes you gasp. only a director of staggering confidence would dare to underplay this vital point. but the confidence is justified. cinema doesn't come much better than this.insanely well crafted mini-series.<br /><br />i recall seeing most of it twice when shown on american playhouse on pbs. was heavily promoted at the time. i believe it might have been one of the very early mini-series showing on pbs outside of the masterpiece theater series.<br /><br />the full length production was shown i believe only once during its first broadcast. was 6-8 hours total. this length was edited down somewhat to 6 hours. cut some interesting, but slow scenes.<br /><br />i am very much hoping that the folks holding its current rights do follow through and restore a complete, not edited version to dvd. not worth creating a vhs version at this point.<br /><br />would fit in very well in the mini-series or dramatic history genre.although bullet in the brain is, without question, superior amongst short films, it largely seems more like a short piece of writing than a film. and it is a little hard to feel too sorry for the teacher when his smart ass remarks get him shot. but after the bullet enters his brain we begin to understand a little bit about why he became so jaded with life in the first place. there is an awful amount of detail packed into this reasonably short film and this is what makes me feel that it should have been extended a little bit - it seems like there's almost too much to take in at once as the details come flying at you so fast. a slightly more relaxed pace and a less po-faced narrator in the final section would have benefitted this film a little bit. despite these complaints, there is no denying that bullet in the brain is a quite stupendous work compared to many short, and even full length films. the makers should be applauded for trying to make such a basically emotional and literate film in the current climate of quick jokes and hollywood action.on the outside, this film is better because of vincent d'onofrio (law & order: criminal intent), but this film is equally as good as the 1982 version. in some ways, the 1999 version is better because it's more up to date (a decade as compared to the 27 years. the actors in this film were great, like terry kinney (mcmanus of hbo's "oz") as james daly and tony shalhoub (usa's monk) and gary sinise (csi:ny). obvilubuly, dialogue was changed for contemporary audiences, nut much of the writing remained the same. there were stuff that wasn't in the 1982 version that gave this one a boost in drama and comedy, but in the end, this film was just as great at the 1982 one. character-wise: vincent d'onofrio playing phil romano was excellent, better that paul sorvino. it's a match up between stacy keach and terry kinney in terms of james. as for george, i would praise shalhoub. and between martin sheen & sinsise as tom, i would say sinise wins.this movie is based mainly on the emotions and interactions of people. there are only three locations (the school, the store, and the coach's house) that are really used. it's primarily at the coach's house, however. a movie doesn't need special effects or amazing views to be amazing in itself.<br /><br />four friends who had bonded during their basketball days meet up. one is rich, important, and has no real love outside of money. one wants to be mayor again, but his competition is turning him sour. one wants to be superintendent of the school and take care of his family. one is a traveling alcoholic.<br /><br />first off, i love the actors in this film. they've all been household names to me. they proved their worth here.<br /><br />one of the most pivotal moments is when tom, played by gary sinise, blows up on the coach. he yells and rants about how the coach cheated in the winning game. his blows the coach's whistle and yells back his catchphrases - "forgive me father, for i have sinned!" it's amazing to watch, with energy that just chills you.<br /><br />highly recommended to anyone who understands human emotion and doesn't need shiny effects to interest them.this movie is based on a play, and is the second adaptation of this work. paul sorvino plays the basketball coach of a team of players that against all odds took home the championship 20 years ago. they have all met for a reunion. terry kinney plays james, a junior high principal, and will quickly get on your nerves with all his whining and feel sorry for me role. vincent d'onofrio, as phil, plays an obnoxious businessman with just the right amount of "money" cockiness. tony shalhoub is george, the current mayor of the town, and appears to be on the verge of some sort of breakdown. gary sinise plays tom, a writer, turned alcoholic, and in my opinion, is excellent in the role. while they are all suppose to be celebrating their championship, conflicts, jealousy, and fighting abound. as the men come to terms with what was, and is now, they are forced to look at their lives in a non-pleasant way. it's unusual to have a group of men talking and crying about what could have been, and i found it interesting watching them relate to each other. it's not the best movie i've seen, but it's certainly good enough for a viewing.this is a great example of very none hollywood film making which is very thought provoking, moving and not without a sense of humor, kevin mckidd and paula sage are superb. <br /><br />i actually watched it on late night tv and i can see why i missed it in the cinema, its not the sort of film that the multi-screen "mega" cinemas show nowadays, mores the pity. <br /><br />i am going to look for the dvd. not for those who prefer, the current trend towards special effects and no story. if you liked the best selling book "the curious incident of the dog in the night-time", you'll enjoy this film. <br /><br />this film ranks beside the best of scottish films, such as "small faces" and "trainspotting". all films which kevin mckidd also star in. <br /><br />highly recommended.not an easy film to like at first with both the lead characters quite unlikeable but luckily the heart and soul of the film is paula sage's touching performance which drives the film into uncharted waters and transcends the rather awkward storyline. this gives the film a feeling of real truth and makes you think you've seen something special.(7/10)a very moving and thought provoking film that raises issues of mental health, terminal illness and euthanasia. sound a bit too heavy? it is a little, but this is all treated in a realistically straight forward way within a story of the changes that take place to the family who have to deal with these things. this is a positive story of facing up to life and responsibility that isn't overwhelm by the subject matter.<br /><br />afterlife is beautifully shot and crafted film set in modern times and dealing with modern issues. it is a character driven, enthralling film with a strong cast and some very good performances.<br /><br />unfortunate it is not the sort of film that always performs well at the box office, so catch it while you can.i agree with andy, this is a good movie. kevin mckidd's character is believable throughout the film. we're forced to hate him and latterly sympathise with him. paula sage who plays roberta puts in a good performance too. it's thought-provoking and emotive without any slush over-production. credit to director alison peebles and writer andrea gibb for that. a very worthwhile viewing. the pace of the film is just right, raising just enough interest in the subject matter to reel you in, rather than bombard you with facts in a documentary style. nice little soundtrack to go with the film too, again used sparingly, not to distract you from storyline. recommended.the film's subject is poignant and very real. it happened. one can debate some artistic liberties taken by director and scriptwriter. the subject is what makes the film tick--nothing else. i saw the film for the first time after the real phoolan, was gunned down in new delhi and had served several years as an elected member of parliament in india. by the way, she was not the first untouchable elected to parliament, as some reviewers stated. the so-called "untouchables" have been elected to the indian parliament for decades in reserved constituencies.<br /><br />while shekhar kapur as a director is a hero to many india, because he made commercially accepted international films---"bandit queen" and "elizabeth" (and a tolerable kiddie movie called "mister india", which was accepted by the average indian audiences)---and even got oscar nominations for elizabeth, i do not place him as a top notch film director from india. he fails in every department as a director except perhaps that he succeeds in getting some above-average performances from his actors. subtlety, finesse, charm are not easy to find in his films--melodrama brims in them.<br /><br />his idea of using nusrat fateh ali khan's vocal rendering of the song in the early parts of the film, was perhaps his single major achievement on the undistinguished sound track of "bandit queen". and then perhaps the creaking doors during the gang rape sequence. otherwise the film looked like a spaghetti western with sex and violence minus the great music one associates with them. <br /><br />if you are looking for a good living indian film director who makes realistic cinema of international quality--it is not shekhar kapur's movies you should see; it is the later works of three indian film-makers adoor gopalakrishnan, mrinal sen, and girish karnad and of course muzaffar ali's "umrao jaan". it is unfortunate that none of those directors had the financial support that kapur had to give them and their films an international viewership. for instance, sen's "oka oorie katha" made in telugu, or satyajit ray's "sadgati" based on munshi prem chand's "kafan" are more complete as films to an intelligent viewer dealing on the state of the untouchables in india. sen did not have to resort to graphic sex and violence but merely suggested them. of course, sen's nugget did not make headlines, while kapur's effort hogged them.<br /><br />to kapur's credit, he is articulate and used his limited talent and modest resources in the mumbai film industry to take his products beyond home audiences. for that effort, i salute kapur. but "bandit queen" will remain a great subject awaiting an accomplished director to deal with it.irrespective of the accuracy of facts, bandit queen is a true story, its true because the themes it deals with hold as much truth today as they did way back in 1994. this movie is violent, powerful and thought provoking.the protagonist is a woman of flesh and blood, whose adversity brought out the best(or worst) out of her. keeping the subjectivity aside, there is no doubt that phoolan's character from a young girl of 8, who is married off by her father to clear a debt(pun intended), to a gang leader who goes on to become a leader of the lower caste, has evolved into a champion in her own right. her portrayal is so powerful that the viewer is even willing to forgive her for a massacre.<br /><br />i can understand if the western audience is not able to appreciate this masterpiece, bandit queen needs to be 'studied' in the indian context, and not just checked out in stereotypes. i may not be able to sell it on its universal appeal but its certainly a must watch for the indian audience, its a shame that the movie had a delayed, overtly censored release in india.<br /><br />bandit queen is the story of a woman who fought against two odds in india, being a woman and that too a lower caste, her rebellious nature and inability to just give in caused her the most horrible experiences in life, which only went on to strengthen her into a self proclaimed goddess. she responded to violence with violence and dint become the submissive woman society wanted her to be. call it divine justice or judiciary failure, had she killed a single person she would have been hanged, she killed 24 and got revered, respected and glorified.<br /><br />p.s # whoever found her character "psychotic", needs to be sodomized at 8, gangraped by 10 men at a go and paraded naked. then they should be asked- how normal do they feel?i saw bandit queen in 2005, over a decade after it was made amidst widespread controversy in india. the language, the stark treatment and the natural acting (by a relatively unknown cast for that time) might have been even more shocking at that time for an indian populace more familiar with fantasy cinema. the film, the cast, and shekhar kapoor, deserve accolades for the breakthrough effort.<br /><br />the plot is not very different from a typical revenge drama made in various forms in india. in fact, there have been several fictional accounts of this particular story itself. the reason why this stands out is that it's supposed to be a first person account of someone who actually went through all this, and a lot else that doesn't find place on the screen, and survived to tell the tale. survived long enough to see her story made into a movie at least. phoolan devi didn't live very long after being released from prison in 1994.<br /><br />the film scores on several counts. the cinematography is brilliant. the music is apt. the cast, many of whom became more familiar names later, is very good. but the screenplay is patchy. things move too fast and in jerks at times. it's understandable though, because there are just too many strands that need to be tied together to make it all cohesive. or maybe i felt that because i have read mala sen's book, which is a more detailed and better, though obviously not as shocking as the visual, account of phoolan devi's travails, and which is purported to be one of the main sources for the film.<br /><br />there are some factual ambiguities too. according to phoolan devi, she wasn't present when the behmai massacre took place, and despite claiming to be the dictated account of phoolan herself, she is shown to participate, and in fact initiate, the massacre. then the final scene where phoolan surrenders shows her touching the feet of the chief minister, while in reality she had surrendered to a portrait of mahatma gandhi. symbolic value only, but shows that phoolan didn't want to show servitude to a living, ordinary person. it would have been nice to show the chief minister to have some resemblance to arjun singh, who many remember was the cm of madhya pradesh then.<br /><br />but these are small chinks in this eminently well-made movie, a rare gem to come out from the mainstream indian film industry, made by a man who before this was known best for the ultimate masala movie of the late 80s - mr india.oppenheimer was a great series (it was the first thing i saw waterston in) and it is too bad copies aren't available. a similar situation exists for "glory enough for all", a british series from around the same time, about the discovery of insulin. i would pay a good price for both of these on dvd. is it really so difficult to get oppenheimer on a dvd that is able to be played in the us? another very enjoyable series, again from about the same time, was "danger uxb". a series about defusing unexploded bombs, hence the name. that one you can get from your local library.<br /><br />petei think that the movie was really good. subject, acting and nusrat fateh ali khan's music were marvellous. although the director has succeeded in showing the status of women in rural areas and how they suffer at the hands of male-dominated culture, he has neglected phoolan's character a bit and has focussed more on the violence faced by her.this is an excellent movie. phoolan had no role model's to base her actions on, yet was able to bring about very necessary change to a land that was living in darkness when it comes to female treatment. i like the fact that it was a real story rather than made up, it added to the horror of the story, & the triumph.the true story of phoolan devi who became a national hero in india because she fought for her rights as a woman but in a violent manner. i was surprised to see a powerful film with strong images come out of india instead of the bollywood art trash classics they churn out.i saw this movie over 5 years ago and the subject still infuriates me, as it should. her anger and initiative were inspiring. not that i would takeover an army and kill people, but the scene at the well and at the rebel strong hold will never leave my mind. this is a great film but be prepared for the strong subject matter.it may interest people to know that this film was made without any recourse to phoolan devi herself and, when she did finally see parts of it, was so enraged that she announced that the film was not to be shown in india or she would cover herself in petrol and set fire to herself. i do not know whether it was shown at all or not, but given her standing at the time as a rising politician, i doubt it. since then, i saw a report that she has been ousted from office and charged with further crimes from her dacoit days, and has gone into hiding as a result.<br /><br />her own concerns aside, this is an excellent film, made all the more so by its refreshingly brutal approach; none of the rose-tinted melodrama one might expect from a typical indian film. it should be stressed that concerns about how feminist the film's messages really are and the like are essentially irrelevant: it's a true story. her misgivings are, it seems, not with what is depicted but with the way in which the film depicts her.the three stooges has always been some of the many actors that i have loved. i love just about every one of the shorts that they have made. i love all six of the stooges (curly, shemp, moe, larry, joe, and curly joe)! all of the shorts are hilarious and also star many other great actors and actresses which a lot of them was in many of the shorts! in my opinion the three stooges is some of the greatest actors ever and is the all time funniest comedy team!<br /><br />one of my favorite stooges shorts with shemp is none other than brideless groom! all appearing in this short are dee green, the beautiful christine mcintyre, doris houck, alyn lockwood, johnny kascier, nancy saunders, and emil sitka. green and mcintyre provide great performances here! there are so many funny parts here. this is a very hilarious short. there is another similar three stooges short like this one called husbands beware and i recommend both!there are one or two other shemp-era shorts i like more (i.e. scrambled brains), but i think one can say--without much argument--that in this particular episode, shemp gives his greatest comedic performance as a stooge after rejoining the team in 1946.<br /><br />scene for scene, this episode hardly lets up: from professor shemp howard's voice lessons with the glass-shattering dee green, to his futile attempts to win a dame's hand in marriage (this is your little snookums... will you marry me *click*) to the uproarious finish, it never fails to keep me in stitches.<br /><br />i would be remiss not mention that immortal scene with miss hopkins (the always lovely christine mcintyre). btw, isn't she rather under-dressed and over amorous in greeting the man she thinks is her 'cousin' basil? who knows, maybe the actual basil was a "very" distant cousin, which makes it legal in some states (as far as i know). >:-]not wishing to repeat what everyone else has noted, i will only say this: <br /><br />nearly everybody says they loved curly best... but i will put brideless groom up against any of other the stooges shorts. <br /><br />i think it's the most hilarious from start to finish, as well as being the most re-watchable.<br /><br />the off-key singing student... christine mcintire's "cousin basil" routine, and of course emil sitka's j.p. are highlights, but only around the stooges' impeccable timing and the great writing too!<br /><br />nuff said.a three stooges short, this one featuring shemp. of all those involving shemp i've seen, this is my favorite performance by him in a stooges short. the basic plot is that shemp must get married by 6 o'clock that very evening if he's to inherit the half a million dollars a rich uncle left him in his will. so shemp sets out to get himself a bride but finds it a tougher road than expected, that is until they learn of his inheritance money. best bits here involve shemp shaving, shemp and moe in a telephone booth and larry on piano as accompaniment to shemp's voice-training session. also the sequence where shemp is mistaken as cousin basil and its outcome proves hilarious.for the record, i am a curly fan through and through. but i do have to say that in reality, shemp wasn't really that bad. yeah, he might have lacked the same kind of slapstick that curly had, but in his own way he was hilarious. at least he wasn't as bad as joe besser.<br /><br />in brideless groom, shemp plays a music professor (stooge? a professor? yeah right), who recently inherited a half million dollars from a dead uncle, and moe & larry have to prepare him to marry a woman by six o'clock that night, or no money.<br /><br />this was one of the stooges' first skit with shemp, before they started recycling their material. perhaps it isn't surprising that shemp was part of the stooges before curly came into the picture, so he seemed natural at this. the slapstick gags are hilarious, especially this one scene with moe and shemp in a phone booth. essential stooge short to be honest.'oppenheimer' with sam waterston in the title role and with david suchet as evard teller is an example of the docudrama at its very finest. well written, well acted by actors who bear a believable resemblance to their historical characters, highly informative, and very entertaining. the set designs and costumes capture the feel of the us during world war 2, and the plotting and dialog make the viewer feel as if he were really present at los alamos and caught up in the excitement of the manhattan project. the only downside is that this is a british production, and some of the actors lack skill in affecting a convincing american accent. (the skill of current day australian & irish actors taking on non-native dialects is amazing.) the storyline is fully consistent with richard rhodes' definitive history of the development of the atomic bomb. sadly, the mini-series was shown only a couple of times on pbs at the beginning of the 1980s and then apparently vanished into oblivion.<br /><br />'oppenheimer' compares favorably to the more recent 'fat man & little boy' feature film with paul newman as leslie groves (the chronically overweight and rather homely general would be thoroughly flattered) and dwight schultz (alumnus of tv's 'a-team') as oppenheimer. as a mini-series, 'oppenheimer' is around 4x as long as the newman feature, but uses the all of the additional time completely to its advantage.almost certainly the best three stooges short with shemp, 'brideless groom' is as good as any of the trio's best shorts featuring curly. memorable stooge moments abound. the opening with 'professor' shemp giving voice lessons to homely, untalented and lascivious miss dinkelmeyer (dee green), wincing at her horrendous singing notes and fighting off her advances, is an excellent example of shemp howard at his best. many considered him the most naturally funny of the stooges.<br /><br />later, when moe and larry try to help him get spiffed up to find a wife (and claim $500,000), shemp thinks he has cut off his head when his mirror gets flipped backward. fixing the mirror, he cries with relief, "there i amâ?and pretty as a picture!" "yea," moe quickly replies, trying to hem his slacks, "of an ape!"<br /><br />the best scene (and maybe shemp's best with the trio) comes when he pays a call on attractive young miss hopkins (christine mcintyre). mistaking him for long-lost "cousin basil," she smothers him with hugs and kisses (also leading to a hilarious bit between moe and larry in the hall), not giving him a chance to explain his true identity. suddenly the real cousin basil calls and she goes berserk, slapping him repeatedly and accusing him of taking advantage of "a poor â?. helplessâ?defenseless â? woman!" that final line is delivered as she socks him in the jaw (with a real punch, according to shemp and crew members), knocking him through the door and into the hall in a perfectly executed gag. "what happened, kid?" moe asks. "can i help it if i ain't cousin basil?" shemp asks before passing out.<br /><br />other classic bits include moe and shemp getting tangled in a phone booth, trying to find a lost coin, larry getting slapped because of shemp's bad looks (his face pressed against the phone booth glass), and the great girl fight in the justice of the peace's apartment. the great emil sitka delivers his classic line (inscribed on his tombstone), "hold hands, you love birds" over and over as his apartment is trashed.<br /><br />i prescribe 'brideless groom' as medicine for anyone who thinks the stooges' glory years ended when curly left. true, shemp didn't have as many great shorts with the group as curly, but that was due to an increasing lack of support from columbia and his (and the others') advancing ages. when shemp was healthy and the trio was given decent material to work with, they were still on the top of their game.this is the very first three stooges short with shemp that i saw, and it is one of my favorites! <br /><br />that is what i really liked about shemp when he returned after curly's stroke, he did not try to be like curly, he was his own character, and that is what i admire! shemp is my favorite third stooge, i like him more than curly, but i like curly as much as i do shemp. shemp is great, he's funny, he's silly, he's shemp! <br /><br />i really loved the scene where he dropped the nickel and moe got into the booth with him to find it and they ended up getting tangled in the wires and really badly hurt! <br /><br />but what i really thought was scary was when shemp had his face smashed against the glass of the phonebooth, he looked like a deformed professor snape!<br /><br />poor shemp, he had a lot of bad things happen to him in this short, but that is just typical three stooges, they always have a lot of bad things happening to them! <br /><br />this short is another must see for three stooges fans! <br /><br />10/10the stooges are back and funnier than ever. "brideless groom" in my opinion was probably the best shemp flick.<br /><br />shemp has the opportunity to inherit $500,000(which was probably more than a million dollars compared to today) from his dead uncle. but! there is a catch. he has to marry someone that day by 6 o'clock. shemp is a bachelor with not too many admirers, except for one high pitched aggressive annoying singing student of his. but he doesn't want her, he wants someone a little more on the victoria's secret model type of women. but obviously he has no choice since he's no collin ferrel himself. but when it is printed in the papers that he is to inherit all that money if married, his ex girlfriends are on the "i want my man back" attack! <br /><br />what a great stooge flick! this is up there with thewinners of all stooge flicks! <br /><br />9/10"gargle with old razor blades. can i help it if i'm not cousin basil? i think the piano's out of tune. ginger grey. this is your little snookums." laughs throughout the entire 20 minute short as the boys spoof gold diggers and opera singers. they even manage to show us how to properly demonstrate to some attractive ladies how to handle both a rifle and a bear trap. wonder how many times they rehearsed the scene with the phone booth. adding christine mcintyre and emil sitka, 2 frequent collaborators, to the mix makes it even better. only vernon dent is missing. the stooges did some great individual scenes, but this was their best overall.clyde bruckman borrows the premise of this short from buster keaton's "seven chances," recently tepidly remade as "the bachelor." in the original, buster has 24-hours to get married in order to inherit a large sum of money. in this version, musical teacher prof. shemp has only 7 hours (after all, it is a short!). this is one of the better stooges shorts due to the storyline and wonderful routines (including the telephone booth scene with moe & shemp, reminiscent of laurel & hardy's "berth marks" and the marx brothers famous stateroom scene in "night at the opera - here the boys hold their own in their variation of this routine). i'm not a huge stooges fan, but this one should be noted by any student of comedy as one of their very best since the early 30s shorts.ok, the other reviewers have pretty much covered the main points of this great little gem, i.e. the story started out in life as material for buster keaton's silent classic "7 chances". comedy, or acting in any genre for that much, is merely interpreting a scene and lines that someone else has written and performed before, if it's not a totally original creation. here we have the stooges essentially doing material that was written and performed by someone else and yet for a low budget, short time span of a film, they're handling things just fine. regardless of what the credits say on their films, real "stooge-philes" know that they had a lot of input on lines and direction. they took their work as seriously as a surgeon does a vital operation. words spoken by emil sitka himself during a documentary about the boys. here, what appears to be their usual anarchy over something so simple as getting married, is actually organized chaos. every line is perfectly timed with a related physical action. how many comedians are around today that can claim such mastery? most obviously the seinfeld crew but none others that i've seen in the last 35 years of watching tv. the critics will always "pooh pooh" the stooges or laurel & hardy and others but then again...who ever remembers the critic's names or what they said? simply watch, laugh and enjoy!the entire civilized world by now knows that this is where emil sitka says his immortal "hold hands, you lovebirds." but shemp howard, professor of music, steals the show. watch him tutoring dee green as she fractures the "voices of spring." watch shemp as he shaves by a mirror suspended from the ceiling by a string. watch him as he gets walloped by christine mcintyre. watch him, and you will laugh and learn. moe is no slouch either. watch him as he attempts to induce a woman to sit on a bear trap. larry, as usual, is the zen master of reaction. all in all, one of the very best stooge shorts. you won't find one weak moment.this film got roasted by the boys at mst3k, but it's actually a neat and nasty piece of low-budget film noir. the plot is tight, the characters are believable (within the good-boy-gets-obsessed-with-bad-girl genre), the pacing is solid, the climax is well-handled, and the cast is bolstered by several fine character actors. true, most of the time you want to hit the protagonist with a brick, but he's actually quite effectively creepy when he plays the mastermind. the scenes between him and his dad are quite powerful, in a minimalist kind of way. sure it's depressing, but that's the point. good movie.for those of you who have no idea what bug juice is or was, it was a children's reality show about real kids living at summer camp. bug juice is the show that inspired me to go to camp. it was full of romance, friendships, fights, overcoming your fears, and dealing with the struggles of living away from home for 2 months. it was an amazing show that is no longer shown on t.v. regularly, but is amazing non-the-less. the show was never dull and always attracted my attention. it's really nice for kids who have never been to a summer camp to really see what it's like before going. plus disney did a really good job of picking camps to showcase because who wants to see a show that's at a camp for like only a week. the length of the camps where perfect for this show, and the environment they where in was fantastic. they where camps all over the u.s., that each provided unique activities for the campers. it was a truly amazing, unscripted show.bug juice changed my life. i know it sounds strange, odd , weird. but it did. i am from england, bug juice never aired there but five years ago i went on vacation with my family and saw it on the disney channel. once i saw this tv series i was hooked i wanted to go.it took a lot of convincing to my parents to allow my brother and i to go to waziyatah. i have been going since i was 12 and it was my forth year this summer. if you are a teenager reading this come to this camp it changes your life. you make life long friends at wazi. it doesn't matter who you are or if someone at home doesn't like you everyone likes you at camp. you have so much fun. if you want to have a look go on to www.wazi.com and check it out for yourself. it is so much fun i love it there it is my home away from homepresident harry s. truman once said that the only thing new in the world is the history you don't know.<br /><br />seven years before richard rhodes' superb pulitzer prize-winning "the making of the atomic bomb", the bbc produced a seven-part miniseries, "oppenheimer", that was a character study of the people who designed and built the weapon that ushered in the atomic age, permanently joining science and technology to the state (and, in particular, the military), not merely making history, but changing the world forever.<br /><br />the production is impeccable, the casting nothing short of miraculous; not only the main characters, but even secondary characters bear uncanny resemblances to the persons portrayed. in particular are sam waterston in the title role of american physicist j. robert oppenheimer, scientific director of the manhattan project, who was based at the los alamos, nm, laboratory (the site for which he personally chose); manning redwood as general leslie r. groves, who oversaw the entire manhattan engineering district (the project's formal name); david suchet as physicist, and ultimate nemesis of oppenheimer, edward teller (who, nearly forty years later, whispered into ronald reagan's ear and brought us the strategic defense initiative - "star wars") and jana sheldon as kitty oppenheimer. the attention to detail is uniformly excellent throughout.<br /><br />part thriller, part love story - and ultimately a tragedy, this series faithfully recreates a chapter in world history - and that of science - that we dare not forget. highest recommendation.<br /><br />(note: viewers who enjoy this series will also enjoy jacob bronowski's 13-part series "the ascent of man" and the bbc film of michael frayn's play "copenhagen".)i absolutely loved this show. never understood why it was called bug juice though. i must have been about 13 when it came out. i remember they ran it over the summer holidays on channel 4, between re-runs of pugwalls summer and saved by the bell or something like that. i remember sitting there and wishing i was at summer camp too - ha ha. all the kids in it looked to be having so much fun, it was all about "discovering who you are" and "growing up." first kisses and all that stuff. i remember there was this really cute guy in it, i think he was the main reason i got up in the mornings that particular summer. they should have more teen docu-soaps like this, i thought it was great!this movie should have easily qualified as a film<br /><br />that best promotes human understanding among people.<br /><br />it may be rather annoying to even try to comprehend that a young jewish southern girl could would give shelter to an escaped german prisoner of war.<br /><br />kristy mcnichol depicts an amazing portrait of the unhappy, young girl thirsting for acceptance and love. michael constantine gave a remarkable performance as her difficult father and esther rolle, as the maid, ruth, gave a superb emmy-winning performance as an understanding maid caught up with these events.<br /><br />bruce davison portrays the german who is supposedly not guilty of nazi atrocities. this is how his role appears. he has escaped, but he joined the german army and he might have been a member of the hitler youth movement.<br /><br />the action takes place in 1944 georgia, in a rural area. the townspeople are filled with prejudice. even the fbi inspector acts as if he would like to get something on the jews. notice the opposite interpretation that as mcnichol is in bed, davison is hunted down and ultimately shot. it is interesting to see that society views mcnichol as a traitor for harboring an escaped prisoner of war. the film also deals with an extremely complex relationship that exists between father and daughter. constantine's outburst at his daughter at the end is some acting. as the mother, barbara barrie, is given little to do. it was annoying that she is stereotyped as the typical jewish mother with that loud shade of lipstick on her lips.<br /><br />memorably done and well worth viewing.this film is a study piece for my english class, but it's depth and meaning has amazed me. since we're looking closely into all the facts and characters in this film, its and interesting tale of love, hate, war, and prejudice. well recommended!<br /><br />story: a girl named well-off jewish patty bergen meets an escaped prisoner of war, she then hides him in her playhouse in her huge gardens, and as they get to know each other, they begin to see the others qualities, and they earn each others love. patty's father despises her and treats her like dirt. anton (the prisoner of war) almost blows his cover to protect her, but patty manages to stop him before he is seen by anyone.this movie was one of the best i have ever seen. just the other day i was reminded of this movie by something on tv. it came back to me like a dam flooding over. i have never been more touched by a movie than by this one. after the movie was over i actually could not quit crying for about 2 hours. no movie has ever moved me that way before. i was 15 at the time of the movie and have not seen it since but am hoping i can find a copy to buy so that i can watch it whenever i want to. if someone suggests you see this movie with them, go....you will not be disappointed.<br /><br />peggy friesi haven't seen this movie in 30 years so i don't know if i would like it as much as i did when i was 12. at the time, however, i loved this movie. this is a great "starter chick-flick" for young pre-teen girls. be careful of the ending, though. there are tears and harsh emotions.<br /><br />looking back at it from a 2008 perspective (with so much more knowledge of child psychology, politics and political correctness), i think it would be interesting to watch again. patty's uncaring, abusive father, indifferent mother and favored sister all contributed toward making her vulnerable and starving for companionship. patty was sad when anton left. she was heartbroken when he was killed. the rage that was directed toward her afterward was shocking. after all, she was only 12 years old.<br /><br />the thing that i most strongly retained is how this movie taught me even "enemy" soldiers are people too. not all german soldiers were hateful nazis. when i was older, i saw tv shows like hogan's heroes and the rat patrol which also made the point that the "regular" german soldiers were not the same as the gestapo.<br /><br />"regular" soldiers were drafted. the gestapo were handpicked among volunteers for their special attitudes of hate. i believe that one of the privileges of being a nazi was that they had special assignments and, therefore, didn't go into battle. their specialties were interrogation and torture.<br /><br />later, during the cold war, i would think about russian soldiers and remember somgs. we were taught that the soviet union was "evil". but the reality was that russian soldiers weren't out to destroy america. they had a job. their government probably told them that our government was out to destroy their way of life. which, in a way, was true, since the us fought to end communism.<br /><br />the lesson is still applicable today. german soldiers were not the same as nazis just as muslims are not the same as al qaeda."summer of my german soldier" was one of the many tv movies that became a staple of the small screen in the 1970s (others were "brian's song", "sybil" and "someone's watching me!"). it portrays a jewish girl (kristy mcnichol) befriending a german pow (bruce davison) in wwii-era georgia. one of the things that the movie shows is that many of the german soldiers weren't really nazis, but were just drafted. watching the movie, i got a real sense of how things must have been in the south back then; i mean, can you imagine being a jewish person accused of supporting the enemy? <br /><br />so, i certainly recommend this movie. i believe that it's always important to show the things portrayed here. occasional overacting keeps the movie from being a full-scale masterpiece, but they usually do quite well. i hope that the movie eventually comes out on dvd. also starring esther rolle and michael constantine (the "my big fat greek wedding" patriarch).a touching story told with tenderness: awkward young jewish girl in wwii america befriends an escaped german pow who is hiding out in her clubhouse. they discuss their lives and beliefs (he's anti-hitler), she sneaks him food, he becomes her only friend and ally. all this reminded me of the much-better theatrical film "whistle down the wind", where hayley mills befriends convict alan bates, but you certainly can't fault the direction here, which is smooth, or the performances, which are sterling. mature in her pre-teen years, kristy mcnichol carries most of the picture and never hits a false note. suddenly, when the prisoner is discovered (and kristy is found out as well), the movie gets very tough. her father, shocked and ashamed that his child would consort with "that nazi", lays into her with a quiet fury i have seldom seen before (he tells her "you are dead to me," which must be devastating for a little girl to hear). the final scenes don't cop out; there are no big reunions, no hand-holding climaxes. the girl has to face the world, and in doing so learns a bitter lesson about neighbors, friends, and family. a startling film.when i was in 7th grade(back in 1977), i was asked to read the novel that this was based on as part of my english class studies. i can remember being very touched by it and excited when a tv version came out a year later.<br /><br />kristy mcnichol was a popular tv actress when this film was produced and was already playing a daughter in a dysfunctional family on the hit tv series "family". it was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part. i recall her as being a bit "stiff" at times, but over all she does a good job. she carries the movie well.<br /><br />esther rolle is fantastic as the domestic who appears to be the only one in the household that seems to truly care for her. barbara barrie as the somewhat frightened and slightly neurotic mother is also good, as is young robin lively (who would eventually appear as the black widow lana milford in "twin peaks")as the sweet younger sister who seems to be the focus of the parent's affection. bruce davidson is also appropriately appealing as the german soldier of the title<br /><br />the best performance, however, belongs to michael constantine. it is truly powerful and merited more recognition than it got at the time. the bitterness and coldness he expresses makes the scenes in which he appears difficult to watch, but makes it much easier to understand the quiet desperation of the rejected daughter. constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.<br /><br />the film differs from the book only in some small ways. it is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and i hope that it gets released again on to video or dvd.<br /><br />i caught this one on cable and i was very surprised. steady direction and some good performances accent a twisty and very engaging story. this one will keep you up all night thinking about what was real and what wasn't. check out jason scott lee in the lou diamond phillips role!this is the kind of film one initially selects to make up the numbers from video rental.....only to discover an under-rated entertaining and enjoyable movie!! the opening sequence of the police arriving at a dark and rainy house wherein the "wife" has committed murder.......or is it??....and the remainder of the film seeks to unravel what really happened....ok...the film is a bit "campy"...but has good editing and dialogue.....professional acting.....often humorous......and the very last scene with the facial expression is one of the best of its' kind......definitely worth watching.....deserving at least a 7 or an 8!i, too, found "oppenheimer" to be a brilliant series and one of the finest offerings ever on american pbs. david suchet was particularly effective as edward teller, as i recall, and the overall conception was spectacularly good. the only reason that the series doesn't rate a full 10/10 is for the low-budget production values in some areas. actual content is absolutely first-rate in my recollection.<br /><br />the oppenheimer miniseries will be released in the uk on july 31st! it will be a region 2/pal set, but it would seem that a region 1/ntsc set should be soon in the offing.<br /><br />if you have a universal player in the us, you can order the series right now from amazon uk.<br /><br />http://tinyurl.com/znyyq<br /><br />huzzah!!the plot of this movie is as dumb as a bag of hair. jimmy smit plays a character that could have been upset by the ridiculousness of the story. he is evil and a wife beater. it's a character as far from his nypd and la law roles as you could possibly get.<br /><br />if you've thought he had the looks and the acting chops to play the really bad boy role, her's your present.<br /><br />but!!!!!!!! mary louis parker wears black miniskirts and little black minidresses throughout the movie.<br /><br />she has always had some of the greatest legs in the history of the movies. this makes the movie well worth it for this leg admirer.<br /><br />i'd buy the dvd for this reason only if it was available.this movie is still alive and kicking today thanks to the presence of alan ladd. this is good in one way because the movie has some interesting things to say, but bad in another because everyone who watches it expecting that tough-guy ladd is going to hoop through his usual paces, is going to be mighty disappointed. without fanfare or introduction, ladd is suddenly introduced in the third reel. true, his role is a key one but it's small and likely to get lost in the shuffle. there are many key roles in former newspaperman martin mooney's ambivalent screenplay which hits out at all political alliances and quite ruthlessly denigrates reform candidates. it's the lovely and extremely talented joan woodbury who ties the various strands of the wide-ranging story together. unlike the usual hollywood production, the plot actually proceeds in a series of jumps, much like the films later turned out by the french "new wave", though easier to follow here, especially if you are aware that the film's original title was paper bullets. nonetheless, some of the film's narrative and character switches are a little disconcerting, particularly in the role played by jack larue who has wisely elected to act the part in a strangely non-committal way. one of jack's best acting jobs ever, but no-one is likely to notice, alas!flipping through the channels i was lucky enough to stumble upon the beginning of this movie. i must admit that it grabbed my attention almost immediately. i love older films and this is or should be considered a classic! one of the most wonderful rarities of this movie is that the main character was not only female but she was also a bad girl. i highly recommend this movie!great movie. good acting ,a wonderful script. it's exciting to find out what the people are thinking and how they react on the situation they are in. a pity about the ending; a 'page' of text of how nynke's life went on, instead of moving images was a poor choice. i hope this movie attracts a lot of people; it's worth it!this wonderful film is a love story, and shows that not all relationships are destined to last. even so they can be great & worth the pain & suffering of breakup.<br /><br />director pieter verhoeff gives us an insight of the period around 1900, the way society (mis)treats women, and how a very strong woman (nynke) deals with. with great costumes, landscapes, lovely music and good actors and acting this photoplay draws you in for the length of the movie.<br /><br />at first the ending is a bit sudden, a page describing the rest of her life scrolls. on reflection this is a great (the best) way to have your own fantasy create the rest of her life.<br /><br /> this was the second movie for me that had people sit while the end titles scrolled by (the first being schindler's list). apparently the movie had this effect on everybody.nynke is a classy filmed movie in the same style as the oscar winning film character (1997). but this comparison immediately urges me to add that the latter was quite more exciting...<br /><br />sure, nynke is a beautiful historic & costume drama (with fantastic acting by monic hendrickx!) in which you witness the personal growth of 'nynke van hichtum' in her marriage to pieter jelles troelstra. the subtitle of this movie is 'a lovestory'. so it starts, and ends with their marriage. <br /><br />but that is where the director makes a crucial mistake! nynke's exciting, independent life started when the marriage ended. she wrote several children's books and travelled around the world. what a great life she has lived. but pieter verhoeff puts nynke back in the trammels of convention that depressed her and that she struggled out of: the thought that her life extended just her marriage to troelstra, being no one else but the mother of their kids.<br /><br />let's all hope for nynke ii!a touching movie about a talented woman who struggles with a society and a love that structurally underestimate her. the issues are subtly addressed and timeless, as many of the depicted difficulties between man and woman still exist in dutch society today. this movie is a tribute to all modern women without dwelling on feminism. not only the story is well told, the acting and the scenery are great as well.recovery is an incredibly moving piece of work, handling the devastating effects of brain injury on not only the individual, but the entire family. without resorting to preaching or hollywood sappy endings, tony marchant's drama presents a family in crisis in a realistic way.<br /><br />highest praise goes david tennant and sarah parish for their incredible performances. i had presumed before watching the drama that i would see some of their previous on screen relationship in blackpool bleed through-- but it never does. neither actor is recognizable from any previous work, and i didn't see either of them as an actor playing a part during the entire 90 minutes. in addition, harry treadaway's performance as the son just on the cusp of starting his own life in university was fantastic - throughout the piece, he shows the torn nature of a teenage boy thrown into the unwilling role as man of the house,<br /><br />at times, nearly every character in the drama is unsympathetic. as the viewer, i wanted to give each of them a good smack to wake up to reality, stop moping, and start adjusting to the rotten but very present change in their lives. but under the same circumstances, i see myself acting like any of them - switching between trying to show the stiff upper lip to desperation to escape to anything, including behavior that is completely unlike myself. it's the show's greatest strength - truth, without sugar coating, to force us all to think what we'd be able to do under the same circumstances.<br /><br />this is a difficult, but must-watch show. i hope that it somehow manages to be shown in the u.s.david tennant and sarah parish's brilliant acting had me in tears as many of the scenes were so familiar to me. my husband suffered a sub-arachnoid haemorrhage in 1977 and required a major operation which involved lifting his brain and plugging the leak. like tricia i was naive enough to expect that he would return to being his former self. after over 25 years of loving and caring for him he abandoned me without warning to go and live with a woman he hardly knew. he then petitioned for and i am now going through a divorce. i do hope the programme helped people to understand what it is like to cope with brain injury.recovery is a well-judged and balanced drama of a sensitive subject that doesn't sentimentalise the main characters. david tennant and sarah parish bring to the fore the complex and conflicting emotions of a couple deeply in love struggling to come to terms with the personality changes they both endure and also must make to survive a tragic accident.<br /><br />tennant, as alan, brings humour as well as a dangerous lecherousness, as an engineer recovering from a memory loss brought on by a road accident. alan is not portrayed simply as a victim but as human being with feelings doing the best he can to make sense of his new life. sarah parish's tricia is not a clichã©d stand-by-her-man housewife who will do anything to support her husband. she struggles with falling out of love with alan, as the man she once new and loved is now a completely different person - a stranger to her.<br /><br />contrary to some opinion, this - in my view - makes perfect sunday night viewing. too often, we are shown soft family dramas or detective series, like heartbeat, which rot and putrefy the brain. programme commissioners seem to think that the traditional day of rest is also a day when our minds go to sleep. more challenging and thought-provoking drama like recovery would seriously change the situation.i can't remember the series, i believe it may have been "american masters", but it was broadcast on pbs around 1980. most people have some knowledge of the development of the a bomb, and those that have little, or none, probably think it is a pretty dry subject. anyone who has viewed this 7 part series does not feel that way. you get to know the turmoil in oppenhemiers mind, and how the development changed his life forever. you understand the tragic figure he became, and why. with 7 episodes you get to know the major players, and the intrigue and backstabbing. i have contacted pbs about the chance of obtaining a video, or dvd, but have never received a response. too bad, i would love to see it again.i'm so glad i taped this film when it came on bbc last month! it blew my mind, so gut wrenching and real. david tennant is absolutely fabulous in this, even though his character isn't always that easy to like or identify with. the final scene where he plays the song just broke my heart, those eyes....<br /><br />i'm guessing that he made this film in between the dr. who series, and that makes it even more of an achievement for me. i just love dr. who and yet i saw absolutely nothing of him in mr. tennants portrayal of this man who knows that he has changed and struggles to create some sort of new identity and life.<br /><br />great little intense drama!i was blubbing like an idiot during the last ten minutes of this exceptional piece of television. i have to say that the idea of sitting down to view 90 minutes of what was bound to be pretty depressing material on a sunday, was not a welcome one. the thought of yet another, over worthy, bafta winning possibility did not enthuse me......however the end result knocked me for 6. this is some of the best television i have seen in ages. for years i was under the impression that all originality had left the bbc's drama department. our friends in the north was the last production that truly blew me away and that was 10 years ago. however faith is restored and honour is satisfied. david tenant was incredible! so many actors i can think of would have really gone to town on a part like this, but never once did i see mr tenant as an actor or as the doctor, all i saw was alan hamilton. i haven't had my heart wrenched this much since daniel craigs performance as geordie peacock all those years ago. sarah parish was also incredible and i really hope this role brings her better roles in the future. all of the cast were great but special mention must go to the director who really placed us inside alans head. the toaster scene, in particular, made me feel quite queasy.when i saw this on tv i was nervous...whats if they messed it up? millions of families like mine that live with a brain damaged man, in my case my dad, would be let down. i watched it with my mum and we both ended up crying, it was so accurate and captured how the family feels as well as the person having suffered the brain injury. the actors were all wonderful and i had no complaints, my mums told me she hasn't been able to stop thinking about it. i hope this program made many people aware of what it's like living with brain damage and what it's like for the families. more programs like this should be made, i was surprised at how good it was and it's really shook me up emotionally.totally disgusting and cheap bawdy humor. i loved it!!! it is the most disgusting and totally horribly acted film, except for nicolas read, who plays an un-dead court jester, to comic brilliance. but being that as it may, i laughed so many times and i have to hand it to the film makers, it wasn't pretentious or ordinary in any way. raping, fighting, zombies vomitting on their rape victims. what other movie has this? not for the quesy, but with a pizza, a bong, and a six pack of beer, you got it made, if you have a cast iron stomach and a juvenille sense of humor like myself.i felt compelled to comment on this film because it's listed as the fourth lowest-rated sci-film of all time on the imdb. what!?!? sure, this movie is crappy, but it's hilarious! it's not awful on an ed wood level, it's more surreal and uneven.<br /><br />there are some classic moments in the film. the brain surgery is gross and great- and even nuttier when you consider that the film was rated pg! gor chasing after his dolly before getting battery acid dumped on his face- "mine! gimmee!" zandor vorkoff's speeches at the beginning of the film- "before amir, kali was but another weak nation struggling to break free from centuries of stagnant feudalism!" angelo rossito also has some great lines- "no, gor! no!" "you want these keys, don't you, my pretties?" it is absolutely wrong that this is the 4th lowest-rated sci-film on the imdb because it is entertaining. no matter how bad a film is, if it still manages to be weird, quirky, unsettling, or entertaining, it has merit and doesn't deserve to be dumped on and dismissed. i won't defend most of al adamson's films, but this one, along with dracula vs. frankenstein and blood of ghastly horror, are entertaining enough to make up for their awfulness.this film revolves around an arabian leader (amir) who dies and wants to live on. so a dr. lloyd trenton is being paid to transplant amirs brain into a "willing" participant. but in the doctors basement his dwarf assistant dorro (angelo rossitto) drains young girls blood for the doctors purposes. so meanwhile doctor llyod pays a man to kill the people who assisted amir into the country (which is reed hadley, grant williams, and various unknown bodyguards.). grant is the only survivor when his car crashes off the road. while this has happened the doctors other assistant gor is sent out to get a body for amir and hurts him so badly dr.llyod cant operate. meanwhile, grant finds amirs "girlfriend" regina carrol and tells her his story. grant sees the man who drove him off the road and dorro kills him. then since gor failed to get a body d.r llyod puts amirs brain into gors disfigured body. then grant and regina go to the doctors lab an<br /><br />------------------------spoilers------------------------- find out his secret. soon amir (gor) are prancing around killing people and in the muddle of what i think is plot dr.llyod has a brain-ray gun which hurts amir on command. it turns out dr.lloyd wants a country in which all scientists can work without law. so then regina dies. and at the end amirs new body (i think) say that it shall be a new country blah blah.<br /><br />i still don't get the ending but overall this was a very enjoyable piece of smelly cheese.this film features grant williams in his second to last film roll. i recommend it for any fan of al adamson or if you like brains.american-made final entry in the "blood island" series of filipino horror films concerns abdul amir (reed hadley), ruler of a fictional country. he dies of cancer, yet it's figured out how to bring him back: put his brain into a donor body. the mad doctor in charge (kent taylor) puts it in a highly unlikely body: the facially scarred giant manservant named gor (john bloom). a doctor friend of the ruler tries to remedy matters and put an end to the mad doctors' plans.<br /><br />film-making partners samuel m. sherman (producer) and al adamson (director) corral several actors they've worked with before, including taylor, adamsons' sexy wife regina carrol, angelo rossitto, zandor vorkov, and vicki volante. they tried to go for the feel of the previous "blood island" entries but one can tell this was made stateside. while not necessarily a "good" film, it's got a bunch of amusing elements to add up to an entertainingly trashy whole. a malevolent dwarf (rossitto), gory operations, a rather unconvincing makeup job on bloom, the political intrigue subplot, caverns full of cobwebs, etc. the narrative is actually pretty coherent, with plot twists thrown in here and there. i think it could have been trimmed a bit; some scenes drag. but it's got its fun moments and an ending people might not expect.<br /><br />for this kind of thing, the acting isn't too bad. both taylor and rossitto are fun; the latter seems to be having quite a good time in his role. volante is appealing enough, and williams is o.k. in the heroic role. in any event, it's nice to see all of these familiar faces in one of these films.<br /><br />absolutely nothing special, but as a trashy b "horror" (i use the word loosely, none of this is exactly scary) film, it certainly amuses.<br /><br />7/10brain of blood starts as abdul amir (reed hadley) the leader of a country called kahlid is close to death because of cancer, however if he dies kahlid will tear itself apart without anyone to lead them so doctor robert nigserian (grant williams) & one of amir's devotees mohammed (zandor vorkov) have devised a plan to take amir's dead body to america where mad scientist dr. lloyd trenton (kent taylor) will transplant his brain into a fresh body & with a bit of plastic surgery no-one will ever know he was even dead. things don't go according to plan though as when the time comes to transplant amir's brain trenton's freak assistant gor (john bloom) brings a dead body of someone that fell from a balcony, trenton needed a strong fit living body & since there's no more time he decides to use gor's body as a temporary stop-gap until another more suitable one can be found. unfortunately when amir wakes up in his new body he's not very happy at what he sees, i mean would you be if you found out your brain was inside a badly burned freak?<br /><br />also known as brain damage, the brain, the creature's revenege & the undying brain this cheapo exploitation flick was produced & directed by the one & only al adamason & quite frankly i'm offended at the pathetic 1.5 rating brain of blood has on the imdb, personally i think it's terrific fun in a so bad it's good sort of way. the highly entertaining script by kane w. lynn & joe van rodgers is as loopy & silly as they come from sloppy blood soaked brain transplants to crazed mad scientists, from 7 foot tall acid scarred freaks who play with toy cars to 4 foot tall midget medical assistant's, from basement dungeons to rooftop chases, from car crashes to assassination's, kidnaps to screaming scantily clad women, from regina carrol's hair-do which should get it's own mention during the opening credits to teenage girls imprisoned in the basement for blood to a laugh-out-loud hilarious ending which includes some deep meaningful speech! it's all here & brain of blood has quality cheese stamped all over it, if your a fan of bad low budget exploitation flicks with a sense of fun then this film should be right at the top of your list of 'must see' films. despite it's lowly 1.5 rating i am proud to admit that i liked brain of blood a lot, i thought it was an absolute hoot to watch, it slows down a bit at the end with a few too many shots of people wandering around doing nothing in particular but until that point it had moved along like a rocket, at only 85 minutes it's relatively short, it's difficult to second guess the barmy plot & i just think it's loads of campy fun.<br /><br />this is director adamson's masterpiece as far as i'm concerned along with dracula vs. frankenstein (1971) which he made a year before this. those who have seen an adamson film before will know about the none existent production values, cheap special effects & cardboard sets & that all adds to the fun, this film manages that fine between incompetence & seriousness to create a memorable viewing experience. i love the opening shot of kahlid which is obviously just a photo of the taj mahal in india complete with statuesque people in the foreground! regina carrol's hair seems to be a separate entity on it's own, it seems to change styles between shots & is frankly horrendous, don't get me started about her make-up job either that she must apply with a a paint sprayer! there is another hilarious moment when we see amir's body has been transported to america wrapped in what looks like ordinary tin foil, why is the question i asked myself, why!? the effects are variable, there's a terrible looking fake spider, gor's burned make-up job is pretty bad although there is a surprisingly gory brain removal which is actually quite impressive.<br /><br />the budget for brain of blood must have been practically none existent, i must admit i thought trenton's lab was quite good with various computers & medical instruments although the rest of the film looks cheap & nasty. the production values are low, the music was taken from another film beast of blood (1971) & the acting is awful but in a campy fun sort of way.<br /><br />brain of blood may have the best title for an exploitation film ever & as far as i'm concerned it's a highly entertaining piece of nonsense that i had a great time watching & laughing at. they just don't/can't/won't make them like this anymore, impossible to recommend to anyone looking for a good film but bad movie lovers should enjoy it. i liked it, but then again i'm just weird.i saw this black and white comedy noir yesterday at the london film festival. structurally, it has been compared to pulp fiction but it is perhaps closer to the structure of amores perros and the slacker mood of kevin smith's clerks. four stories intersect at a french motorway diner. the first vignette has franck (edouard baer) bungling a hold up at the diner. the waitress, suzie (anna mouglalis) takes pity and tell him her story. the second has two incompetent kidnappers, leon (bouli lanners) and paul (serge lariviere) take a teenage girl from her rich family. unfortunately for them, she is suicidal and her family don't appear to want her back. the third is a dialogue between two ageing rock stars who bump into each other at the diner (alain bashung and arno playing themselves). the final part is about four ex-criminals who smuggle their old partner out of hospital to visit their old hideout which has since been turned into â? the diner. an 'epilogue' returns to franck and suzie to complete their story (not really an epilogue, more a conclusion).<br /><br />the structure does not really work. the stories are not sufficiently intertwined as in pulp fiction. nor is the diner crucial to the action to at least two of the stories in the way the car crash was crucial in the four stories of amores perros. the quality of the individual stories varies. the hideout story is a cute idea, with a couple of good gags, but does not come off; and the rock star reunion is pointless and dull. on the other hand, the kidnap story is hilarious, although its connection to the diner is tenuous. the most balanced and successful story is the franck and suzie one.<br /><br />this film isn't entirely successful but has moments of interest and hilarity. i look forward to seeing more of writer/director's samuel benchetrit's work.this is a slightly uneven entry with one standout sequence involving an over-the-hill gang reminiscing in the diner that once - thirty years previously - was their hideout; one ho-hum duologue between two ageing rock musos; a noirish kidnap turned on its head and an opening sequence (plus epilogue) involving heist artist wannabe edward baer and current 'hot' property anna magloulis which has its moments. no movie in which jean rochefort appears can be dismissed lightly and here he shines as one of the over-the-hill quintet, indeed the film is worth seeing for rochefort alone but each of the sequences has something to offer and it's definitely worth a look.i watched this mini in the early eighties. sam waterson proved himself to be a great actor. in fact when he began law and order i was disappointed in him as it was not as powerful a role. unfortunately the good roles do not pay the bills. i wish i could find a copy of this rare series and review it. it is both factual and entertaining. everyone should see it to know what really happened. i was so moved i purchased and read the book "pppenheimer-shatterer of worlds". and saw how this man became an unlikely hero who was never rewarded for his insight. if you get a chance be sure to watch this movie and see what a performance mr. waterston can really provide an audience. enjoy the movies!i first saw it at 5am january 1, 2009, and after a day i watched it again and i want to watch it again. love everything (well, almost, so 9 stars) about it. no color, beautiful naive stories, funny gangsters, anna, camera work, music. well, sometimes you just want to listen little bit longer and the music just stops. but this is not a musical after all. i like anna's acting, this naive wannabe gangster girl, how she speaks, holds the gun, everything makes me smile. no, it's not that funny, though i have laughed a bit at some moments, it's just so subtle. excellent work by samuel benchetrit. though 3d nouvelle seems weaker, but they are also gangsters, maybe even worse, cause they are stealing ideas. and the last scene is my favorite. makes me feel so warm and.. romantic. yes, i would recommend this movie for the romantic souls with a taste for such art-housish movies. and i don't agree with those comparing it to pulp fiction. it's not about action and twisted story, though all vignettes intersect. it's calm, and maybe too slow movie for most of the people. it's about characters, their feelings, very subtle. anyway, probably this review won't be of much help to anyone (my first), just wanted to express my appreciation.<br /><br />spoiler: this movie doesn't have a goofs section. wonder, didn't anybody notice that hand in the 2 part when the kidnappers decided to go home? looks like a part of crew, hehe. i know i should better post this in forums, but i don't agree with some policies here.this movie definitely shows something and sheds light on what happens in most institutions today, and shows how one gurl just with the help of her newspaper manages to get things done, her editor has complete faith in her and doesn't publish something important, because it would harm her friend... and when it was the right time she took the necessary action.<br /><br />the movie overall got a rating of 9 from me , because its got everything, i mean it keeps you entertained, and moreover, they have acted really well, for a tv movie, its really high quality acting that deserves alot of credit.i liked this movie. many people refer to it as "sabrina the teenage feminist". they do that with a lot of movies that melissa joan hart is in. still, she really surprised me in this movie because she was great in the part of mary, who fights for justice when her roommate is raped. you could tell that hart was extremely determined in this movie and it showed. i also liked lisa dean ryan as mary's roommate. she was very effective in making me feel sorry for her character after she was raped. josh hopkins was good as the cocky and egotistical rapist. lochlyn munro convincingly played his character. the acting in this movie is better than in most tv movies, in my opinion.<br /><br />the movie was pretty predictable though. also, i expected more from the ending, it was too abrupt. the delivery could have been better. but the performances and overall plot make up for these problems.i actually flipped to lifetime channel by mistake, just as this movie was beginning, and ended-up watching it. <br /><br />it certainly deals with a serious issue, probably more prevalent than we realize, in terms of this type of attack of a young woman by an ego-maniacal fellow-student, who feels he's above the system, and, unfortunately, often is.<br /><br />the cast here was believable, and the performances credible. a lot of these canadian/lifetime flicks are decidedly "over-the-top." however, this is one i might label as "under-the-top."<br /><br />while appreciating the fact that it wasn't presented in an overblown fashion, this film somehow seemed like a record being played at a slower speed than proper, the 96 minutes seemed like many more, and it had the effect of looking like a shorter film, looped over-and-over, seemingly going on and on and on and on - before reaching its inevitable and predictable conclusion.<br /><br />yet the engaging characters and performances made it better than the average film of this type, despite these criticisms.<br /><br />and while these pictures often "milk" the climax, this one could have given it a bit more detail and length.in my work with the only nationwide non-profit organization, security on campus, inc. dedicated exclusively to the issue of college campus crime prevention and student awareness i see all too often the type of campus violence and `cover-up' through secret campus courts portrayed in the movie `silencing mary.' in fact we receive numerous calls and requests for information every month from campus reporters such as `mary' who are facing similar situations.<br /><br />its depiction of a campus rape and the subsequent crusade by `mary,' the victim's roommate and a student journalist played exceedingly well by melissa joan hart, for justice was very well done and accurately researched.<br /><br />this was the first television movie that i have ever seen that i felt truly reflected and encompassed all of the various complex issues associated with how rape and other violent crimes are dealt with on our nation's college and university campuses. although it would not be possible to address all of these issues in depth in 2 hours, this movie comes closer than any others i've seen.this production was quite good. the usual fabulous scenery, interesting, quirky characters. it was just so strange not to have captain hastings, miss lemon, and poirot's office/residence, so prominently featured in the original pbs/bbc mysteries.<br /><br />in the original series, so much took place at the office. hastings reading the paper, while poirot "exercises his little gray cells." miss lemon pitching in whenever needed.<br /><br />poirot without capt. hastings would be like holmes without watson ... he can most certainly solve the crime, but it is not as interesting.<br /><br />and what would a poirot mystery be without hastings, with his impeccable manners, falling for some beautiful, unattainable woman.count me as being one who is happy to see no hastings in this episode. the poor-man's dr. watson does nothing for me, as he simply drags down every scene he's in. japp is often necessary to the story as the representative of officialdom, and a little miss lemon is fine for seasoning, but hastings swings from painfully dim to over-mannered in different episodes. if i have to sit through one more vacuous "oh, i say there!" i'll take the gas-pipe.<br /><br />as a general rule, the more poirot you get in a poirot story, the better. every line for hastings is one taken away from poirot. and i've never read the books, so i really don't care about fidelity to christie's characters. a lot of viewers/reviewers seem to have a problem with separating the movies from the books. if you want the book as written, then read it. i don't see the point of watching the television version if you know what will come next at every stage. theatre is not prose - don't expect a transcription.richard abernethie, a very wealthy man, has died and his relatives have assembled for his funeral. included in the funeral party is abernathie's youngest sister cora galaccio. while none of the family has seen cora in at least 20 years, they all agree that cora was always a bit different. so when cora says something about abemethie having been murdered, most laugh it off as one of cora's eccentricities. but someone is obviously taking cora seriously. the next day, cora is found dead in her bed having been beaten violently. is there a connection between the two deaths? it's up to hercule poirot to find a killer.<br /><br />after the funeral is one of the most well put together episodes of the entire poirot series. i've always been a fan of this particular agatha christie book and, from what i remember, the movie is as faithful to christie's source material as any of the poirot installments. the mystery is top notch with plenty of clues, suspects, and red herrings. and as i've written before, i always enjoy an christie story where hercule poirot gathers everyone together in a drawing room for the final reveal. it might be old fashioned, but that's the way i like it. getting beyond the plot, technically and artistically after the funeral is a winner. sets, editing, direction, and cinematography are as good as you'll find in one of these movies. the acting is equally impressive. i've come to expect an enjoyable performance from david suchet as poirot and he doesn't disappoint here. the rest of the cast is just as strong with monica dolan giving an especially noteworthy performance. other than a minor quibble with the rapid fire way the characters are introduced, i've got no real complaints. it's a good show all the way around.although i have definitely read this particular agatha christie book at some point, i didn't remember anything about it except the name "abernethie". which is a good thing, because seeing this story unfold without knowing how it will play out allowed me to appreciate once more the sheer genius of agatha christie: the way she misleads you and then pulls the rug out from under your feet is the main reason for her success and timelessness. in addition to her stories, the excellent production values, beautiful locations, wonderful music, top-notch acting, elegant directing, etc. are the reasons for this series' success and timelessness - and all those virtues are present in "after the funeral". a word of advice: be alert right from the start - there are clues dropped all over the place even in the opening sequence! there are some quite unnerving moments as well, in contrast to the peaceful-looking english-countryside locations, and some small touches of humor. a must-see for mystery buffs, and just a very good film in general. (***)as most other reviewers seem to agree, this adaptation of 'after the funeral' is very good indeed. always one of my favourite poirot stories i was worried that it might be 'messed about with'. well, it was a little bit but only a little bit and the end the result was thoroughly entertaining. david suchet continues to be well nigh faultless as poirot and (as others have pointed out) the other star of this show is monica dolan who surely could not be bettered as miss gilchrist. i also really enjoyed fiona glasscott who was spot on as the cutting rosamund shane but really, the casting was quite impeccable throughout! <br /><br />one point is knocked off for the adaptors not being able to resist cramming too many revelations into the final fifteen minutes. the business with the will and house deeds was all a bit unnecessary although i didn't mind how they tightened up the structure of the abernethie family (in the book the family tree is really quite complicated). the final moments when the murderer is revealed however are really incredibly well done and i found the very end, when they all leave enderby, quite touching. this is really one of the very best of the poirot series so far.absolutely the best thing i have ever seen on tv. it was both entertaining and informative. the reason i found this site is an attempt to find out how i can again see it.<br /><br />in the light of present understanding of history we have to sympathize with gen. leslie groves who was responsible for the nuts and bolts of running the manhattan project. most certainly he was not as paranoid about security as most have thought in the past. <br /><br />the casting for the real life people portrayed was outstanding. it was the first time that i noticed sam waterston as an actor. except for height he looked very much like robert oppenheimer.<br /><br />the early scene in which oppenheimer is leading a class of graduate students was especially intriguing to me.some less than inspired opening string music notwithstanding, we somehow know that from the word go this is heading straight for the "big fun" drawer. by the time we observe monica dolan (in a truly genius bit of casting) delightfully goofing it up as cora early on we're already hooked, but it is only later on when she reveals herself in her marvellous screen creation, that deranged, scheming, maleficent queen of murder and deceit posing in the guise of the uptight miss gilchrist, that she not only effortlessly steals the entire telemovie for herself but quite simply blows off screen anyone who comes near her, including the ever well measured david suchet who himself seems to be somewhat bedazzled by her acting talents and, very gentlemanly, allows her to take centre stage. dolan is the true engine of the film and her miss gilchrist a genuinely well rounded character in this christie rendition, helped by a zesty script and the sprightly paced direction - and also by the rest of the cast led by geraldine james and dominic jephcott, who all display signs of sympathy for the given material and play with relish accordingly.<br /><br />the production values are spot on as usual, and if there are any weaker links they might be located in the comparatively substandard music score to the majority of later poirots, and also perhaps in the lacking of a genuine italian-born actor for the role of cora's husband. other than that, this is an hour and a half of pure televisual delight which is as self indulgent and entertaining as it is lovingly put together.i saw this film on the a&e channel this past weekend. the mystery was okay, i was not able to guess the culprit before the end. but i enjoyed the characters and their development much more than the mystery. there was a mystery about some of them, especially george abernathie, performed by the wonderful michael fassbender, and george's cousin, susannah. in fact, the story of those two characters left me wanting to know more. from what i've tried to glee about the agatha christie book of the same title, i think this film did not follow it to the letter. very good performances by the actors involved, especially fassbender and the lady who played cora/companion.after the funeral was absolutely superb, and by far the best episode of the season. i was disappointed with cards on the table, that started off so well but let down considerably by the last half hour, and i didn't know what to think of taken after the flood, though i do remember being confused at the end. after the funeral as i've said is one of my all time favourite poirot episodes, up there with five little pigs, sad cypress and the abc murders. i was afraid that they would ruin the story, but instead it is very faithful to the book. now i will say i don't mind changes to books, and try not to compare movies and tv adaptations to their sources, except when the book is a masterpiece and the adaptation doesn't do it justice. that's why i disliked some of the marples like nemesis and sleeping murder, and so far out of the poirots the murder of roger ackroyd, taken at the flood and cards on the table are the only ones that really did disappoint. everything else ranges from good to outstanding, even the recent appointment with death, despite the many deviations from the book, which i admit isn't a favourite, was surprisingly good, thanks to the marvellous production values, stellar ensemble performances and outstanding music score. back to after the funeral, the production values are fantastic. it has a really cinematic feel to it, and the stunning photography and splendid scenery and costumes made it a visual feast for the eyes. the music was very stirring and even haunting, and the entire cast give wonderful performances. david suchet is impeccable as always as poirot, and geraldine james and anna calder marshall are just as terrific. but for me, the standout was monica dolan as mrs gilchrist, she is up there with donald sumpter and polly walker as the best supporting actor/actress in a poirot episode, that's how good her performance was. all in all, a must see, one of the best poirot episodes by far, and one of the more faithful ones too. 10/10 bethany coxfor those of you still in the dark, i will not spoil this christie, as it is definitely one of her finest works, and i stress that you should see it whenever you next have free time! if any of the adaptations are to be watched before (or in lieu of) reading the book, i would suggest "after the funeral" for the following reasons.<br /><br />i wanted to praise the performance by monica dolan (miss gilchrist), whose employer-companion cora is brutally murdered at the outset of the film. her portrayal of a shocked, nervous, insignificant woman is actually moving, especially when she has a moment of personal connection with poirot, another person who travels alone in "the journey of life." and when the murderer is being revealed in typical poirot denouement fashion, dolan's reactions to the revelation are acting at its finest: you feel as angry at the murderer as you do sympathetic to miss gilchrist... something uncommon in christie lore.<br /><br />although there are a couple of discrepancies between novel and film adaptation, as per usual (the business of the will perhaps making less sense in the film), the unbelievably lavish recreation of post-war england, thoroughly high calibre of acting and directing, and preservation (if not heightening) of christie's mystery and intrigue render these discrepancies insignificant.<br /><br />bravo suchet, dolan and the whole team for crafting this masterpiece of murder mystery theatre, and the producers who gave it the green light! encore!aunt cora had always been tactless, and her well-bred family ignored the remark she made after her brother richard's funeral: "he was murdered, wasn't he?". they remembered it the next day, when cora was found brutally murdered with a hatchet...<br /><br />for some reason, the poirot movies this year have been far from faithful to the original book. i was disappointed about the changes made in cards on the table-- my favourite poirot book. after the funeral is my 2nd favourite poirot book, and i was scared the story would be destroyed. it wasn't! the movie was nearly page-for-page faithful throughout, right down to the killer's motive! all the actors were wonderful, but my favourite has got to be monica dolan, who gives a great performance as miss gilchrist, the companion to the late aunt cora. without a doubt the best poirot movie ever!david suchet is agatha christie's mustached detective hercule poirot in "after the funeral," produced in 2005. anyone who has heard david suchet speak with his own british accent knows what a shock it is, because his accent as poirot is so perfect and organic to the character. suchet is the poirot of agatha christie's books, and although i confess a love for peter ustinov in the role, his portrayal doesn't have that much to do with what christie wrote.<br /><br />in this episode, poirot is asked by a solicitor friend to investigate the possible murder of one of his clients. enroute on the train, the solicitor recounts the events after the death - a strange will disinheriting the expected heir and the pronouncement of the man's sister that he was murdered. when poirot meets the family, he discovers adultery, lots of secrets, another will and murder.<br /><br />the story is excellent with rich production values and a wonderful, detailed depiction of the time period. all of the acting is superb, particularly from monica dolan, who plays miss gilchrist. poirot here is without hastings, his beautiful office, or miss lemon but he's effective nonetheless.<br /><br />i had the privilege of seeing david suchet on broadway in "amadeus." breathtaking. what an actor - when he's playing poirot, all i see is poirot.i was surprised that i liked this movie. but it reminded me of a 2004 version of the first friday the 13th. there were a number of cheesy elements, yet at the same time there were many cool ones. the story line was good--predictable if you have seen more than one or two horror movies, but full of one-liners to make it worthwhile. there are some memorable scenes worth watching. a few issues i had with the plot had to do with the continuity of the characters. for instance in the opening scene the scarecrows (which were humans on stakes, whose blood was drained to grow the crops), looked very real, but later in the film they looked more like fake scarecrows wearing blue colored masks. there were more than several gaps in the plot, and the acting was mediocre, but at least it sounded like how real people talk, unlike hollywood movies where the dialogue is really fake sounding when you think about it. the culmination of the last scene, when the main character says "i'm not a baker, i'm a connell!" and lops the head off of the scarecrow is satisfying, as his friends have for the most part been killed off by these creatures at that point.this movie was to me a fairly enjoyable watch, i mean it wasn't great but it was one of the better horror movies of late. it seems to have been low, almost state benefit budget size but it has it's charms like the lovely ladies in it. the atmosphere was good also (which is what is missing froma hell of a lot of horror movies these days). the acting was your typical 80's low budget affair, that being in case you don't know is that it is "dud" acting. but that is what lucio fulci's movies were full of, they like this movie had atmosphere what they were lacking in storyline and money etc. they more than made up for in the horror & gore & atmosphere for the movie it's self.<br /><br />it is just a typical low budget horror movie that is watchable, i watched it all the way and i love horror movies. i've seen movies where i just turn off within 10 to 20 minutes or sit and fast forward it if it's on video, or skip scene's on the dvd. this movie didn't make me want to do that, i sat and watched it all the way to the end, without wanting to skip parts.<br /><br />i would have liked it however if the zombie type folk in this were a little more scarier as they were about as scary as having freddy kreuger as your babysitter, not. but seriously though if they were a little better it would have been low budget perfection, maybe.<br /><br />the music in this movie was top notch stuff, ideal horror music so it was. i've seen horror movies where the music is good or average but it could have been better, thank goodness though this movie didn't have nay of the metal music in it.<br /><br />i've been a die-hard metal fan since 1990 but in horror movies metal music spoils it, the movie looses atmosphere a lot when any type of music other than a score is playing. so i'm glad there was no music in this movie other than just your typical score which was rather creepy, well done.<br /><br />it could have use "profane grace - epitaph of shattered dreams" on it though. as it is keyboard music no guitars no nothing except "really" creepy keyboard tracks. like track one "forever sleep" you hear the wind blowing all the way through it and some goose bump inducing keyboard music that follows it. ever track on that cd is the same, ideal horror music at it's best, it would have suited this movie perfectly.<br /><br />the only unattractive chick in the movie to me was the one who got chibbed/killed (or so we are led to believe) and hung up as a scarecrow, only to get free and try to escape later. every other woman in the movie was lovely indeed, a big 9 out of 10 for them all except the one i mentioned above.<br /><br />i wish that hollywood (mainstream side of things) would give money to romero and the guy who made this movie. as giving it to them for movies is way better a decision made than giving it to a goon muppet called paul anderson of the "resident evil" mince.<br /><br />well done guys, it is not bad, not bad at all, i loved the part at the end credits when they kept showing you clips of them making the movie (behind the scene's) not many movies do this kind of thing, which i thought added a little to the movie, as it also showed you some outtakes of sorts and that's always a good thing if you ask me.<br /><br />rating for this movie 8/10, rating for the lovely ladies in the movie 9/10, rating for the atmosphere in the movie 9/10, rating for the score for the film 9.5/10.do not expect a classic military comedy, which claims to make fun of the military while only enhancing a militaristic outlook. instead it deconstructs the elements that make the military such a murderous machine. kind of east german version of "buffalo soldiers".<br /><br />"nva" works on a meta-level that it sympathizes with its heroes' attempts to escape from army drill any which way they can. it's not about loud laughs but about long lasting smiles. utopian, of course (in one scene you will be shown the harsh reality), but very thoughtful.<br /><br />just to fill the required 10 lines: do not go into that movie if you have been an army officer and liked your job.don't quite know why some people complain about this film not being a comedy and at the same time being too unrealistic. if it had been realistic, there certainly wouldn't have been much comedy. i also don't think that a comedy needs to make you laugh aloud twenty times. there was much subtle humor, sweet feelings, and kim frank just portrayed a dreamy character. in real life, there are many people whose facial expression doesn't change much so kim frank keeping his was quite all right. the ending was quite unrealistic, i'd say, but happy. it's a light-hearted movie with a feel-good ending. i liked it. loved it, actually. a serious part was krueger going to schwedt, and i'm glad they didn't show what happened to him there. showing how he was when he came back hinted at it quite clearly.i saw this series on pbs in 1980 in college and i still can't get it out of my head, although i have never seen it since. i remember every cast member (the casting was perfect, as mentioned in other comments), the design, the lighting and, of course, the story, which is by itself is enough to keep you glued to the set. probably the best tv series i ever saw next to the original "roots."nva combines eastalgia-humor, military comedy and teen movie. although it is somehow typically german-movie-like sentimental, i think it's a great and very funny movie. you will not only laugh in nva but also get a bit of an insight in the eastern germany armed forces of the late 1980ies and how the young recruits as well as the professional soldiers experienced the fall of the berlin wall and the end of the german democratic republic.<br /><br />you will enjoy nva if you liked sonnenallee (another movie directed by leander hauã?mann), but not necessarily if you enjoyed good bye lenin which is much more serious and less obviously funny.<br /><br />the acting is acceptable. but watch for former boy band singer kim frank who has only two facial expressions: natural and shocked saucer-eyed!it's just stories, some we wish happen to us, some we wish never happen to us, all about unfulfilled desire. the locations and nude bodies are beautiful, but after the second story all i could think was 'it takes more than just beauty to create a real film'. then of course the film unfolds. the stories are moving except sophie marceau fails to communicate her story in this film. malkovich plays the story for both of them though. the voiceover fails to link the stories but helps malkovich to provoke some thought.<br /><br />i'd say it is worth seeing and the best of antonioni i have seen. given his age - remarkable!antonioni with wim wenders --some of the best of the best. story-character-visuals. like most of their works, it is not really aimed at the children or the childish. don't miss the genius contained in this one.a wonderful cast thrown into modern mystical romances for the intellectual grown ups. yes, they too need a love story to stir those hidden urges without the hollywood fluff. this all under the masterful direction of antonioni and wenders who both love to pin his characters in exotic locations and have them dwarfed by the surroundings with long wide shots. it is great to see that there is lust in the mid-life crises sector."beyond the clouds" is an over-the-top artsy group of four vignettes each a offering a glimpse into a man-woman relationship from the tenuous to the turbulent. although the film offers superb cinematography, some exquisite visual beauty, and a cast of fine performers, there's little meat on the bones of this fragmented work. a taste of a relationship cannot impart the fullness of it and synergism suggests that much more can be accomplished with one story in 2 hours than with four. nonetheless, "beyond the clouds" will be fodder for dilettantes and a visual feast for the all albeit superficial, stilted, and lacking in substance.looks like the bet movie i've ever seen. not too much for intelligent perception but so rich for perception sensitive. antonioni is comparably wise to his movie. malkovich's so organic, roles are so true, situations are so real. i've change my world outlook after this cinema. i'm a beginner literati in russia -- country of tolstoy and dostoevskiy -- and i'm quite sure watching antonioni is good and fun for russkies, because i and we do understand his point of view. so i don't understand his lesser raiting on imdb. i'm sure, speaking from russia and our people, we like antonioni because of his romantic soul and positive sensation of surrounding realityfirst, the positives: an excellent job at depicting urban landscapes to suit the mood of the film. some of the shots could be paintings by de chirico. sophie marceau, beautiful.<br /><br />the negatives: the stories are hard to believe. unreal, uni-dimensional characters preen and posture 100% of the time, as if they were in some kind of catwalk. this is neither the antonioni of his earlier, much better movies nor the wenders we've all come to know and appreciate. malkovich is excess baggage in this movie.amazing movie. some of the script writing could have been better (some cliched language). joyce's "the dead" is alluded to throughout the movie. beautiful scenery and great acting. very poetic. highly recommend.if you speak french or can put up with sub-titles, you will really enjoy this movie. if on the other hand you just want to see god's most beautiful creatures, this is a must see. not an ounce of silicon in sight. zalman king eat your heart out. sophie marceau's body is the epitome of perfection and everything i had ever fantasized about. her part is even in english. even the fact that she was nude with john malkovich did not detract for her beauty. sophie is a ten if ever there was one. chiara caselli and inã©s sastre are 9.5s. oh yeah, it is a pretty good story. several little vignettes are woven together in a sort of six degrees of separation style.this the the final feature film that michelangelo antonioni directed, with the help of wim wenders, and adapts from his short story collection "that bowling alley on the tiber". beyond the clouds contain 4 short stories with familiar themes that we've come to be accustomed to from his earlier works, and sums up those themes in vignettes which are weaved together via wenders' directed scenes involving john malkovich's the director character. however, most of the stories seemed to offer little or no depth that we're used to from an antonioni movie, while malkovich's narration of supposed depth rattled on with unclear diction that sounded a tad pretentious and out of place.<br /><br />nonetheless, all four stories seem to touch on chance encounters, and extremely quick romances that played out more like lust at first sight, perhaps due to the lack of time (since they're short stories anyway) to allow for a more layered approach to carefully define and craft the characters as we know from a typical antonioni movie. and the obsessive approach here is for the characters to disrobe to showcase a lack of deeper connection sacrificed for the immediate satisfaction of the flesh. maybe this is the point to want to bring across with an observation of the more modern relationship?<br /><br />the first story, story of a love affair that never existed, tells the romance between silvano (kim rossi stuart) and carmen (ines sastre), who meet when one asks the other for directions to a hotel, and later meet at a cafe. it's as if fate is playing games on them when they meet, but part and meet again much later, but like the games people play, it's almost like a l'avventura or a la notte with the lack of communication, and of the expectations from the man.<br /><br />john malkovich's director character takes central role in the next short, who exhibited some really lecherous looks toward a girl working at a shop, played by sophie marceau. she is deeply disturbed and made to feel uncomfortable, but somehow plucked up the courage to approach him, and in what i thought was to scare him off, tells him her background that she murdered her father by stabbing him 12 times. but in a flash these two are off toward bedroom gymnastics.<br /><br />the next short, don't look for me, is the longest of the lot, with peter weller playing a cheating husband who has to choose between his mistress (chiara caselli) or his wife, played by fanny ardant. perhaps the more star studded of the lot, with jean reno also stepping in for a coda at the end of it, which sort of expands the little universe in which this short exists. but unfortunately reno's involvement also got relegated to some stifle of laughter as it goes into the implausible domain with laser quick romantic tanglements. there was a key element adapted from l'eclisse with a kiss between a couple through a glass panel too, while the introductory tale about the story of souls was quite interesting. if there's a negative theme here this short wants to play upon, it'll be the duplicity of man.<br /><br />in between this short and the next was a small scene which reunited our couple from la notte, marcello mastroianni and jeanne moreau, where the former was painting a landscape which was reminiscent of that in red desert. finally, we have the final shot this body of dirt, with vincent perez as a young man going after a girl (irene jacob) whom he just met, and falling in love with her, only to realize that it is a love that is too late. it's a relatively talkie piece, just like the first story, with the characters engaging in conversation while walking the streets of the city they're in, which sort of brings to mind richard linklater's before sunrise.<br /><br />while on the whole the movie may have succeeded as individual pieces, they never quite measure up as a combined effort given the "excuse" to link them up was a film director's exploration of possible stories and a look for inspiration for his next film.i posted on imdb on this series recently, giving a snail mail address at the commercial arm of the bbd where one would write to appeal release. i wrote to that address, mentioning sam waterson and his popularity prominently. i just received the following reply: <br /><br />from: emilyfussell@hotmail.com subject: oppenheimer date: may 14, 2006 1:44:00 pm mdt to: kk2840@earthlink.net <br /><br />dear kate, <br /><br />i work for the bbfc, the british equivalent to the mpaa, and we classify dvds and videos as well as films in this country. anyway, i am currently in the process of giving a certificate to the 1980 miniseries 'oppenheimer.' while researching the work on the imdb, i noticed your post and thought you might like to know that the work is about to be released (hence the need for a certificate). <br /><br />i don't know which company is distributing it, but keep your eyes peeled! <br /><br />kind regards, <br /><br />emily +++++++++++++++++ <br /><br />hooray! <br /><br />i also want to contact netflix re purchasing this. <br /><br />kate killebrew <br /><br />kk2840@earthlink.net i emailed the bbc recently regarding whether their terrific series oppenheimer had ever been released on video or dvd. i have not been able to find it. i received the following reply. if you do write the bbc, be sure to mention that sam waterston is very popular in the us. you can also enter "oppenheimer (1980)" on amazon.com, and find a box to check to request release by the owner (bbc) and be notified when it's released. <br /><br />kate killebrew kk2840@earthlink.net<br /><br />here's the reply from the bbc:<br /><br />dear kate<br /><br />thank you for your e-mail regarding 'oppenheimer'.<br /><br />i was interested to read that you would like a copy of this programme which you have enjoyed. i have checked the bbc shop and on-line retailers and can find no record of it being available. we are unaware of plans at present to release this programme on dvd. however, if you would like to make a suggestion, can i suggest you put it in writing to the commercial arm of the bbc:<br /><br />commissioning editor bbc worldwide ltd woodlands 80 wood lane london w12 0tt<br /><br />may i thank you again for taking the time to contact the bbc.<br /><br />regards<br /><br />elaine hunter bbc information ______________________________________<br /><br />-----original message-----<br /><br />{comments:} i am trying to find a copy of the terrific bbc production "oppenheimer', a six part series made in 1980 with sam waterston from a book/script by peter prince. i watched parts of it then on pbs american playhouse, but can't find it on video anywhere.<br /><br />http://www.bbc.co.uk/even though the story is light, the movie flows so beautifully and its visual so tranquil and poetic that it could almost carry the whole movie.<br /><br />the film consists of four interconnected stories, all about different aspect of attraction between man and/or woman and how it frequently is ethereal. their true desire seems to be always something that they cannot hold onto, it will flow out like a handful of sand.<br /><br />i thought the most intriguing story was the last one where the more unattainable the woman was, the more the man desires her. it parallels her deep love for god, who is infinitely out of reach, but never closer to her heart.<br /><br />a very good movie. 7/10i saw this film for the first time last night. i have been thinking about it all night and this morning. i cannot say that it was my favorite film, at least not yet. i need to see it again. <br /><br />the cinematography is stunning. each shot has a lyricism that one would expect in a film that has wim wenders's name attached to it.<br /><br />it is always tempting to see de chirico in any picture of rows of orders vanishing into the gloom, but in this case the analogy fits. in many ways the figure of malkovich walking through the fog and wind of ferarra echoes the shadow of the off-canvas statue that haunts milan in the major works of the italo-greek painter. he is slightly menacing, a presence who watches and, in his capacity as a film director, exerts influence on the entire story. <br /><br />the dedicated wenders fan cannot help but think a little bit of damiel and cassiel wandering through the streets of berlin, watching all but not directly interacting with the inhabitants. and, following the himmel uber berlin metaphor, the angel (or in this case malkovich the director) gets to interact with one of the stories. <br /><br />at this point i have to bow out of taking this line of criticism too far. i need to see the movie again. i am fairly sure that this is the thread that will bring malkovich's monologue together. <br /><br />perhaps his musings and pontifications are pretentious, empty dialog that sound good but cannot possibly be parsed into real communication. maybe that is the whole point of it. no one can make that judgment with any degree of certainty or authority until having done his homework.<br /><br />we must be careful when throwing around the word "pretentious." it is easy to write off anything that smacks of the intellect as pretension, but that leads to a terrifying mental state, one in which the only conversation seen as genuine, earthy or authentic is the most banal. when we shun all discussions of philosophy, god, existence, meaning and all that brain candy, we are setting our culture up to die a slow, stupid and ugly death. perhaps this is the warning that wenders and antonioni are giving us. it certainly is not the only theme of the film, but i think that it cannot be ignored.<br /><br />the other (and most obvious) leitmotif is that of satisfaction. there is a lot here on that, and a thorough review of all the subtleties and consequences of the development of this leitmotif would well exceed the 1000 word limit for this review.<br /><br />my advice is to see the film. but i offer a caveat: it is not an autonomous film (at least i don't think so yet). some films interact with the intellectual and artistic thinking of their times so much that the viewer needs to have a background in the zeitgeist before approaching the film. par-dela les nuages is one of those films.i was stunned by this film. i have been renting antonioni's films/rediscovering them, and this film showed me the climax and fruits of his 50 years of directing. what an eye for setting, color, and detail! i have never seen such visual beauty and poetry filmed before. i had to stop after the first story and hold back the tears. yes, beauty moves me, like it moved keats to write ode on a grecian urn. this movie is made for the mature, emotionally and intellectually, audience. those hoping to see physical action and soap opera will be disappointed. i will have to see this film several times before i can truly appreciate it and judge it. this film should be required viewing for all cinematographers and directors.<br /><br />possibly a truly great film, on the order of kurosawa's dreams.beyond the clouds is in many ways the weirdest film i have ever seen. not for its cult appeal, gore, or even for its ideas, but because of the elements that combine to make this a masterpiece of cinema. beyond the clouds was directed by michelangelo antonioni, one of italy's most famous directors. however, if you gave this film only a quick watch-over, passively i mean, it would seem one of those melodramatic and often pointless romances. this movie deserves great attention, to the point of embracing all its cheese. by cheese i don't mean a slice, but a whole brick of cheddar! the music seems like it's from some italian porno, the story and dialogue like they are from a corny japanese soap, and the metaphors are so obvious you want to smack yourself on the head.<br /><br />but once you get passed all this, you are engaged in an existential work of art. the cheese feeds into the subtle filming and draws our attention, perfectly, to what needs to be known. the basic plot is of four chapters, unrelated, and all about love. what we learn is that no matter what happens or what is said, people cannot communicate to each other. instead they can only communicate through each other. i suppose that's why the dialogue and plot is so cheesy, because the conversations are overly irrational with lack of causality and people's reaction overly melodramatic.<br /><br />i left that film thinking to myself; maybe all life is one big melodrama. we judge our feelings towards others as real and purposeful. i hate, because i have reason. but what does the hated think? maybe they think that my hate is stupid and arbitrary. in other words, melodramatic.<br /><br />so melodrama is actually an existential function. a corny romance is simply human interaction put under a magnifying glass, allowing us to see the futility of who we are and what we do.<br /><br />this is a great film, i recommend it to all!i'm not really sure what to make of this movie, especially after seeing a great film like la notte. unfortunately i saw this in german during an antonioni film festival at the frankfurt film museum, so i didn't get to hear malkovich's great voice. he is supposed to tie together four stories about couples in italy. however, as good an actor as he is, malkovich cannot rescue the most ridiculous of the four stories portrayed here: a woman who comes up to him at a waterside cafe near a shop she owns and blurts out about how she killed her father nearby. then the two of them go home, have sex, and he leaves. it seems as if antonioni lost the subtlety had in earlier films (like the passenger) when dealing with sex and replaced it with blatant nudity.<br /><br />however nonsensical the storyline is, the film features two things that make it watchable: eye and ear candy. the actors and actresses are all beautiful people, and the cinematography is marvelous - scenes in old italian cities contrasting with a bit in a tall apartment building overlooking a city (reminiscent of la notte).<br /><br />the ear candy, however, is what really makes the film worth watching. u2 and brian eno collaborated on "your blue room" and "beach sequence," both of which set the mood perfectly in the film. the songs are available on "passengers: original soundtracks 1."i was stunned by this film. afterwards, i didn't even want to see any films for a long time- any other film would be so unsatisfying by comparison.<br /><br />for many, it may be the worst of antonioni- very slow, without an engaging conventional story line, microscopic examinations of human emotions and interactions- and the worst of wenders- verbose, confused transcendentalism. it is composed of short distinct episodes linked by wenders' typical meandering hero's stream of consciousness, so it doesn't produce the temporary oblivion of escapist cinema.<br /><br />but for fans, the worst is the best and the disjointed story line is sketching a single poetic image that stretches across the film. wenders and antonioni create a discourse between their segments that seeks out the heart of things.<br /><br />this is a special film if you know the context. antonioni, in his eighties, had been crippled by a stroke. mute and half paralyzed, his friends -- who incidentally are the best the film world has -- arranged for him to 'direct' a last significant film. the idea is that he can conjure a story into being by just looking at it. so we have a film: about a director who conjures stories by simple observation. and the matter of the (four) stories is about how the visual imagination defines love.<br /><br />the film emerges by giving us the tools to bring it into being through our own imagination. the result is pure movie-world: every person (except the director) is lovely in aspect or movement. some of these women are ultralovely, and they exist in a dreamy misty world of sensual encounter. there is no nuance, no hint that anything exists but what we see; no desire is at work other than what we create.<br /><br />i know of no other film that so successfully manipulates our own visual yearning to have us create the world we see. he understands something about not touching. no one understands van morrison visually like he does. morrison's celtic space music is predicated on precisely the same notion: the sensual touch that implies but doesn't physically touch.<br /><br />antonioni's redhead wife appears, appropriately as the shopkeeper and she also directs a lackluster 'making of' film that is on the dvd.<br /><br />ted's evaluation -- 3 of 4: worth watching.i first saw the movie a couple of years ago and was totally and utterly impressed but its sensuality. it is one of the most touching films i have ever seen, though it might appear a little bit pretentious and artificial - too much beautiful, if you will. anyway, one thing is for sure - the camera man has done a great job - each picture deserves to be cut off the film and displayed as a separate peace of art, comparable to the chirico's or bernard buffet's paintings.<br /><br />the music forms a perfect background for the story, especially u2's one played between the first and the second novels at the beach scene. as for the casting - i cannot be objective since i like sophie marceau and jean renaue very much and cannot add more to the praising comments of others.<br /><br />however, the very fact that many people (critics and those sophisticated in cinema) criticized the movie made me watch it with a more critical eye for the second time. no doubt, the setting is splendid and the casting is gorgeous. but this is somehow not enough to make a comprehensive and cohesive film. the second novel (when sophie marceau tells her story to malcovic is somehow superficial and does not tell much about the motivations of the people involved - was it only about shooting a beautiful and sensual love scene with the naked marceau or what?). apparently, it does not add anything to the idea of the movie and even the husky voice of malcovic is being unable to link it to the main plot.<br /><br />other stories are more justified and are really beautifully shot, which indulges many of the logic fallacies within them. the scene when jean reneau is overlooking the city through the huge window of his apartment on the top of the high building is absolutely incredible. the feeling of moist air and fine haze, which is being spread by the first "ferrera" scene can literally be sensed through the screen. no doubt, antonioni is a great master of shades and semi-shades. my favorite novel is the last one - the most romantic, deep and meaningful - i guess that it the most antonioni-like one in the whole movie - almost a parable.probably, the overall positive impression from the movie is mainly due to the last one shot somewhere in a small ghotic italian town, with its winding narrow streets and crooked pavements, fountains with the l'eau potable and monumental cathedrals... it was laconic but really touching.<br /><br />i hope that my impressions and comments on the movie, however chaotic they are would motivate somebody to spend an evening watching it (it works better with the home theater, having somebody caring by your side, than in the movie theater). enjoy.<br /><br />i beg your pardon for the imperfect english and any possible misspellingshere's another antonioni that will be rediscovered again and again as soon as it comes out on tape or dvd. i saw it a few months ago when it ran for the first time (even in metropolitan movie capital l.a.!)for a couple of weeks and then disappeared (art house audiences seem to have opted for their own special territory, where older favorites like antonioni and resnais are only welcome as occasional curiosities).<br /><br />at first i was disappointed, thought the pace to be unbearably boring, and that the man had lost a chance (for years antonioni had found it difficult to find financing)at an advanced age to add another masterpiece to his canon; but knowing antonioni for what he was and how i had at first reacted to blow-up and the passenger, i refused to pass judgment until i had seen the film again. i went back the next day and i should not have been surprised that the film kept pulling me in, making me aware of things i had thought about and lost track of throughout my life, driving home, in a contemporary setting, points exposed for the first time some forty years ago in 'l'aventurra,' forming an environment of subtle moods so characteristcally and fascinatingly alienated in tone (and quite comedic actually) that i couldn't get enough. the scene with malkovich sitting on the fancy colored swings on the windswept beach, with the weather so beautifully silver skied, and the eno/u2 track in the background flowing through at just its rhythm, had been my favorite; it still was, but now the whole film was just as great! what a strange phenomenon, the complex simplicity or the invisible complex which antonioni's eye alone seems to be able to pick up and communicate. the odd thing is, though it does look at first glance like a softcore porno of some kind and it does feature plenty of sex and the maddeningly gorgeous sophie marceau and plently of other international stars to distract you, this film is unmistakably antonioni's to its core, but you will not sense to what a profound extent, until you have seen it a few times and got used to its rhythm. for example, it is quite a funny film with a deep sense of humor, something i did not notice at first, but was turned on to by another critic, and noticed to much delight on further viewings (4 before they pulled it and would've gone back for more). if this film had been promoted right and people guided to a certain extent as to how to approach it, i have no doubt it would have succeeded on the art house circuit like most of antonioni's '60s films. but the '60s are no more and the film will have to find its audience on the small screen where half its beauty will be lost even in a letterboxed dvd version (if and when it's released). i urge all film nuts general or esoteric to see 'beyond the clouds' and add a piece of magic to the tragic.beyond the clouds is a hauntingly beautiful, elegiac work of art. the overall softness of the light that this movie is bathed in, makes you want to touch the screen. the autumnal mood conjured up could only been achieved by a director who has seen many summers of experience. or, to put it another way, an old man. i know of no other movie that captures and uses the softness of light and seasonal mood with such ravishing quality as beyond the clouds. nearly all the people in this film are beautiful, unless your idea of a beautiful woman is a pneumatic blond bimbo, that is. the dialogue doesn't really matter too much, not that there is much of it anyway, and as for storylines, forget it. some films exist just as visual experiences, this is one of them. don't bother if you want "simple entertainment",this not for you.<br /><br /> i could enthuse about the visual perfection of this movie for days, but i won't. if you are at all interested in cinematography, photography, film direction etc., watch this film....a true geek-girl's dream: high tech, high drama, smart guys, steamy sex, and large explosions. (very large explosions.) sam waterston is so natural in the role of oppenheimer that tapes of the real oppenheimer sound odd: apparently, he had a voice similar to ronald reagan! the triumph and tragedy of oppenheimer is one of the 20th century's most stirring dramas, and this movie stands as a model of what docu-drama ought to be: the facts are allowed to speak for themselves, while the fictional parts are used to amplify and fill in the record, not to call attention to themselves. an interesting fact: some of the technical details used had only recently been declassified, and so are of special interest. a must-see!...means "take up and read", which is precisely what i felt like doing after having seen this marvelous film.<br /><br />von ancken stimulates and inspires with this breathtaking and superbly executed adaptation of tobias wolff's 1995 new yorker article of the same name. the incredible performance by tom noonan is brilliant and provocative and the editing, sound design, cinematography and directing are truly inspired. the nuanced changes and embellishments on the original story are subtle, clever, and make the film cinematically more dynamic. it's lyrical pacing is mesmerizing and begs you to watch it again.<br /><br />watch out for this young director...he's going places.like a lot of horror fans out there that went looking for the next great scare flick, we plundered the asian horror market for whatever we could get our hands on, leaving no dark haired ghost lady unturned. we had good reason to do so, the asian market had spawned such terrifying wonders as ringu, dark waters, juon - the grudge, and a tale of two sisters. by the time takashi miike started ripping the mick out of the genre with one missed call in 2003, the market seemed to be drying up, leaving it open for mockery and derision, despite the continued hollywood remake machine working full steam ahead. now, don't get me wrong, there were still plenty of good asian horrors being made, the likes of marebito and shutter, to mention but two, will stand as minor genre classics some day. but the lank haired ghost lady had definitely had her feed at the party, and was time to take that success-drunk tramp home to bed! then along comes a film like noroi - the curse. a film that is smart enough to pay subtle homage to it's roots, yet throws the rulebook out the window whilst doing it. what i'm about to describe in terms of plot will probably make you think there is nothing new here at all. the film is a documentary about one of japan's top paranormal investigators as he receives stories and tip offs on ghostly goings on. he starts investigating the claims by a woman that she regularly hears a baby crying in the house next door, yet there is no baby there, apart from a middle aged woman and her son. these two disappear sharpish when the reporter pokes his nose around, but strange other coincidences start popping up. a psychic young girl, a mentally ill clairvoyant, a pretty young actress who had a strange vision, a lot of dead pigeons, and a very sinister demon by the name of kagutaba, leading to a truly terrifying showdown in a small historical town...<br /><br />to say any more on the plot might ruin the fun a bit. the film is shot in 'faux documentary' fashion, and incorporates footage from tv shows and news reports, and the labels via subtitles lets you know where you are in terms of the time line. the film has drawn more than a few comparisons to the blair witch project, but apart from the shooting format and the creepy trip through the woods late at night, the comparison ends there really.<br /><br />what is refreshing about noroi is how it doesn't pander to modern horror audiences. if you are expecting croaky ghost ladies to pop out of the attic, look elsewhere. the film's strength lies in it's slow, gradual build up of terror, a terror so profound that it will stick with you for days after watching it. the climax is pretty damned freaky, but just when you think the film is over, you get treated to the 'real' ending when the credits start to roll, and sweet holy f*ck, is it a killer. in terms of acting, it is mostly convincing. you get some 'comedy' relief from the crazy, tin foil covered clairvoyant, but that soon dries up half way through the film. the film also has a slightly 'nastier' feel than a lot of asian ghost horror, as there is a violent streak to some of the events too.<br /><br />overall, noroi is one to watch on your own, late at night. not since my first viewing of ringu ten years ago have i been so delightfully creeped out watching a horror film. it is one that will itch away at you until it is too late, then it is under your skin. just let yourself go to this one completely. and not a lank haired ghost lady in sight?? no wonder it has barely been released outside of japan, let alone had an american remake lined up yet. check this one out if you can, essential viewing in my books!another hand-held horror means another divisive movie that fans should still seek out and make up their own minds about.<br /><br />imagine a cross between the blair witch project and the grudge and you're close to the overall content of this movie. it's another videotaped horror but this time most of it is edited together in readiness for a video doc that was never completed by a supernatural investigator who disappeared.<br /><br />i certainly had a feeling of dread while watching this movie (does anyone do dreadful better than our asian friends?) but the creepy moments, the genuinely creepy moments, were sadly a bit fewer and farther between than i had hoped. i also felt that i was two or three steps ahead of the investigator when apparent "revelations" appeared throughout so i certainly can't recommend this as highly as [*rec].<br /><br />having said that, it would be remiss of me not to highly recommend any film that goes on at length about ectoplasmic worms, contains at least two subtly spooky ghost moments and made sure that i had to put the lights back on for a while when the sun went down.<br /><br />check it out if you have been enjoying some of the other hand-held genre releases of late. and the finale is a hair-raising doozy.<br /><br />see this if you like: the last broadcast, pulse, angel heart.a documentary filmmaker explores seemingly unrelated paranormal incidents connected by the legend of an ancient demon called the "kagutaba."<br /><br />from the looks of it, the film looks like one of those camcorder movies that have been popular these last few months, even one that's going to be released next week (paranormal activity)! however, unlike movies like cloverfield, rec, and blair witch, where most of those movies are in complete chaos and mayhem with all of the shakiness, this one is basically shown in a traditional documentary style. it has tv excerpts and interviews and the scares are very subtle, well, excluding the last 20 minutes where we go into the chaos effect and where the fear factor is raised up tremendously.<br /><br />and it works. the film is very engrossing and it makes you think. yes, you heard me right: it makes you think. you have to pay attention to those unrelated details given throughout the film and the payoff is great when, in course of the film, these things start to intertwine one another. the film is also very slow moving, which, in this case, is a good thing. we, as the audience, get to absorb the details shown on screen, however subtle or blatant they are.<br /><br />above all, it's a frightening little film. i'm a person who is scared of ghosts and the paranormal more than killers who slashes away teenage victims so yes, the film gave me some nightmares. there are some images in here that are really disturbing to watch, including one closer in the end where it makes you go "what am i looking at?!" well, it's better left unanswered. there are around ten reoccurring characters in here, all of which gave authentic performances in their roles.<br /><br />the only thing i don't like about the film is the ending because most questions are left unanswered. the question "that's it?" went though my mind. it left a bad taste in my mouth. however, the rest of the film is just engrossing and really frightening. don't see this alone in the dark because you'll regret that choice. also, i can see in a couple of years that hollywood would remake this film. that will be interesting.i, for one, absolutely loved this movie.<br /><br />it is not a "typical asian horror" where you would see a gruesome looking ghost (usually a woman) that is going around scaring people. you barely see any ghosts for a majority of the film, but the way this movie keeps you interested in the plot and characters is genius. this is not the movie for you if you're into gore (e.g. saw, hostel) or "surprise scares" where stuff pops out at you (hollywood horror, slasher films), but this movie has an underlying "creepy" factor throughout the entire movie which i loved. noroi is a progressive and somewhat experimental approach to horror amongst the ridiculous remakes and unoriginal crap being released by hollywood in today's society.<br /><br />please don't let the documentary-style of filming turn you off (why should it?!). it is far superior to the blair witch project because, for one, the acting in noroi is brilliant and it really makes you really feel like you're watching something you're not supposed to be seeing.<br /><br />noroi is definitely one of the best horror movies i have ever seen. only a few films have made it into my top 5 horror; and this movie holds a solid #1 spot on my list.being a great fan of horror, especially asian horror, i have seen tons of movies, but this one is outstanding. why? it does have a plot (which is unfortunately quite rare among horror movies). the actors did a good job. it feels like a real documentary film (even if it's not). it does not get boring for a moment. the director cleverly combines the plot with the acts of a certain japanese magic cult (perhaps this cult never existed, but still, it's believable). it reminded me of the similarly great movie "forbidden siren".<br /><br />to me the one and only annoying thing about the movie was the character hori, the psychic, but this is subjective.<br /><br />i recommend this movie to all fans of quality horror.<br /><br />9 out of 10.i can't praise this film enough. it had a lot of that hand-held, first-person shaking camera which i love (and some hate, because it makes them sick), like rec, cloverfield and blair witch project.<br /><br />it is a long movie for its kind, but i didn't even notice because the film was so interesting. by just showing the footage from a paranormal reporter's work the movie keeps up the pace, making it a real-time experience for the viewer.<br /><br />while i would never call this film the "scariest horror ever made", i'd have to say it's certainly one of the best i've seen. the fear factor here is constructed by details in the images, camera glitches, events linked to one another which lend a very mysterious and haunting tone to the movie. the horror is more in what is not shown, but left to our imaginations. the ending is perfect, and be warned that you might have nightmares afterwards. a second viewing is highly recommended, though.<br /><br />watch this one alone in the dark, don't expect anything and you'll have fun.noroi follows a documentary filmmaker, masafumi kobayashi, as he slowly uncovers something mysterious and evil that's leaving a trail of dead bodies in its wake. after interviewing a woman who claims to hear loud baby's cries coming from the house next door (where there is no baby), kobayashi heads over to talk to the neighbor. he's greeted with hostility by the unhinged, disheveled woman (maria takagi) who answers the door (and promptly slams it in his face) and gets a peek at her 6-year-old son through a window. strangely, both the woman and her son disappear just days after his visit (leaving behind a pile of dead pigeons on their back porch), and the woman who first complained about the noises, as well as her daughter, are both killed in a mysterious accident not long after that. this piques kobayashi's interest and he sets out on a quest to find out what's going on. he soon uncovers that those with psychic abilities and extra-sensory perception seem to be tuning into something sinister, unexplainable and possibly even apocalyptic. well-known 10-year-old clairvoyant, and tv celebrity, kana (rio kanno) seems to think we may all be doomed, but she mysteriously disappears before she can be of much help. another female psychic/actress (marika matsumoto) becomes involved, as does mr. nori, a mentally unstable kook/psychic who wears a hat and jacket made of aluminum foil and thinks people are being eaten by what he refers to "ectoplasmic worms." clues eventually lead back to the site of a small village that's now covered by a lake, and the legend of an ancient demon known as kagutaba...<br /><br />unlike many other hand-held horror flicks, this one depends just as much on the plot as it does reactionary first-person scares. thankfully there's something of a storyline here, a very interesting and intricate one at that, so it doesn't rely on glimpses of horrific things through spastic camera-work every once in awhile to keep your interest. the way masafumi travels around following leads in search of the truth - with well placed jolts along the way - reminded me somewhat of the omen in its pacing. the film also doesn't entirely consist of footage shot by the documentarian, but weaves in news reports and television variety shows as if what we're watching is an already completed documentary. that helps to break up some of the monotony usually associated with films shot in this particular style. the performances are good enough not to harm any of the realism of the 'actual' footage either. overall, it's a well-made horror film, with lots of plot shifts, some suspense and quite a few genuinely creepy moments, that's well worth checking out. my only real gripe is that it could have used a little trimming here and there and seems to go on a bit too long. otherwise, pretty good stuff.this review contains some small, yet significant, spoilers.<br /><br />---<br /><br />i just finished watching my copy of noroi...<br /><br />...and it was great! this might sound cheesy, but several times during the film i forgot it wasn't real xd the acting is convincing, although the acting from masafumi kobayashi (playing himself, i think...) seems a bit hokey at times. marika matsumoto (yuka in takashi shimizu's rinne) seemed to change levels of believability throughout the movie: sometimes she's really good, then the next moment she's really cheesy (especially at the end's exorcism and subsequent re-possession.<br /><br />a character that was ridiculous at first was mr. hori, a man covered in tinfoil believing "ectoplasmic worms" are coming to eat everyone. he provides unintentional comic relief at the beginning (acting like the stereotypical alien abduction-type victim) but near the end has some really creepy scenes.<br /><br />the plot was very interesting and really kept me wondering how everything tied together. there are some things that aren't really explained (like a mass suicide in a tokyo park and where the reincarnated kagutaba-boy came from) but everything else turned out fine. the ending has got to be one of the most unnerving, if not the scariest, sequences i've ever had the pleasure to witness.<br /><br />all in all, noroi is a very fun way to spend 2 hours and the new hong kong r3 dvd provides great picture and sound (most importantly the english subtitles- engrish free!) for a great j-horror experience. i highly recommend picking it up.never posted anything here before, but after watching noroi i just felt that i had to write down my thoughts about it.<br /><br />firstly do not compare this to blair witch, this movie deserves far better than that! simply put, noroi is (probably) one of the best horror movies i have ever seen (and i have seen a lot!).<br /><br />i really liked how the movie presents itself not as a standard horror flick, but as a documentary filmed by a reporter (i think?) named kobayashi and his cameraman. without spoiling to much about the plot, i can say it that it starts with kobayashi doing research on a series of seemingly unrelated events, that turns out to be connected to something far more darker and sinister.<br /><br />while the story might not be that original in itself, what really hooked me with noroi was the incredibly eerie atmosphere. if you're looking for cheap scares and seat-jumping scenes this movie might not be for you. this movie is all about the mood it presents, with haunting images and a general feeling of foreboding suspense. the documentary style filming just makes it farm more believable.<br /><br />this is also helped a lot by the acting which is superb, although not perfect for the general part of the movie! far better than in most other movies in this type of genre.<br /><br />well enough ranting from me, i highly recommend noroi to everyone, it is suspenseful, creepy, well acted and the first movie that has scared me in ages.anyone familiar with horror films knows that most of them are not scary at all. some people enjoy gorefests with subpar story lines and character development. i personally enjoy horror films that focus on atmosphere and interesting concepts (e.g., a tale of two sisters, kairo, etc.). whatever the type of horror film one personally likes, there are only a select few that really scare you. noroi is one of them.<br /><br />this is a documentary-style movie, which means that the entire film is a compilation of video clips that are linked by the legend of a demonic entity named kagutaba. the premise is that a journalist filmed his own footage by interviewing people associated with the demonic rituals associated with kagutaba, then compiled footage from other sources that link with his research. what results is a relentlessly chilling experience that feels very real and very disturbing, despite the fact that the story itself is fake.<br /><br />some have compared noroi with the blair witch project, but the only similarity is the documentary style. one obvious difference between the films is that noroi scares the viewer by linking events to one another using different sources. for example, the journalist records the exterior of a house that he is researching and sees something strange on the porch. later in the film, a clip from another character's home video introduces that very same strange occurrence. the viewer's memory links the two incidents and chills start running down their spine. another example involves a television show with a child psychic who answers every single question correctly except for one. in fact, her answer is so wrong that the viewer may wonder what the filmmakers were thinking. later on, however, that wrong answer turns out to be linked to an extremely disturbing event. this is intelligent film-making indeed.<br /><br />another difference between noroi and blair witch is that noroi provides not one, but two very long finales, the second of which is placed a minute after the credits start to roll and is the single greatest scare scene in the history of horror cinema. i do not say such things lightly. it totally wrecked me in a wonderous way.<br /><br />other aspects of film-making are well done. the legend and ritualistic background of kagutaba are very interesting and most of the actors did a good job. the only over-the-top performance comes from a guy who's supposed to be crazy anyway, so that's expected. the cinematography is intentionally gritty because all of the footage is supposed to represent videos shot on camcorders. japanese films are not known for their special effects, but the effects used here were awesome. in some cases they create an other-worldly feel (e.g., the static interference or the first finale) but in other cases they are alarmingly realistic (e.g., the second finale).<br /><br />when all is said and done, noroi goes down as the scariest film i've ever seen. i would go so far as to say that there is no film in existence that provides such sheer terror from beginning to end like noroi does. see it now.has anyone found a way to purchase copies of this series yet? i can see that a lot of people have inquired but i can't tell if any of them have been successful. it's hard to believe that a series this good cannot be viewed by people today, especially one based on real issues faced by real people during what were both tense and exciting times in our country. how can this be true and what can we do to change it? as an aside i agree with all the comments other writers have made about this series on this web site. this is an excellent story about events that everyone should be aware of and know something about today. lots of us saw this series when we were in college or around that time anyway. now we want to share it with our children ... but we can't? if that is true what would some good written materials be that would relay the same information?www.petitiononline.com/19784444/petition.html an excellent tv series that should be captured on dvd. this was a show i rarely missed. i found a petition to bring it back on dvd. i recall one show where this obese lady wore a pair of glasses that let her food talk to her. needless to say she could not eat her friends so she starved to death. another episode had an accountant visiting an underground sewer & subway security branch. the accountant wanted to shut down the funding for the project. as it turns out the security branch was underfunded to fight the cannibalistic creatures that lived in the dark. www.petitiononline.com/19784444/petition.htmlone reasons why they call the 80's, "the awesome 80's" is quality television. shows like the wonder years, war of the worlds (the series), v, amazing stories, and many more have always left an impression to each "fortunate" one of us that in time will always find a way to reawaken itself. to top that, here comes monsters! a series quite unique of its own, and a theme fully dedicate to - monsters. may it be the good, the bad, and the morbid.<br /><br />if you're a fan of classic shows or if you have the fascination of horror films then this one is absolutely for you. provided you can find this rare gem. <br /><br />even the newer generations will be in awe with some of the episode with its grittiness, it's indiscriminating use of gore effects or its story telling power and simplicity. i guarantee, because i'm 23 :).<br /><br />be sure not to miss this!<br /><br />although, it's a show seemingly forgotten by the modern world, it will always be with those who can always remember...i think that it's great how chiller picked up this series and showing it for this generation. film making has come such a long way especially with the special effects and for one to be able to watch archived shows that they never knew existed, they will certainly be able to see the progress compared to now. monsters is neither lame nor spectacular but it is entertaining. it takes creativity for the types of story lines they came up with and each generation seems to have it's own horror series. this particular series was not as horrifying as the friday the 13th, the series, nor as adult oriented as the freddy's nightmares..it was something that an entire family could watch and still get a laugh and a fright at the same time. i am happy the chiller channel shows it in their line-up, i am just about caught up on the episodes i missed when i was growing up.this was one of the best half-hour horror/suspense/fantasy shows of the eighties, without a doubt. granted the show had a barely capable cast with every single episode, and it stank as far as production values (i.e. the sets) went, but darn it i have to give it some credit for being gutsy with the plots. i mean the plot of each episode was edgy enough that even i, a hardened horror movie, shock-film, and 70's grind-house buff got a little sickened and creeped out. great show, just great, regardless of what the other reviewers have said here. my favorite episode was called "bug house", yeah that was the title i think? anyhow it still gives me the willies every time i think about it to this day, almost 20 years after it first premiered. other shows like "tales from the darkside", "the outer limits" and (of course) "the twilight zone" were definitely better production values-wise, but in my opinion they ain't got a thing as far as plot lines go when compared to this sick little show! it definitely paved the way for the even more graphic cult classic phenomenon that was, "tales from the crypt".this show has to be my favorite out of all the 80's horror tv shows. like tales from the darkside, also from the same creators, this show is a rare gem. if you agree with me, please sign this petition i started, to get the word out for monsters and get it out on dvd. here is the petition address: www.petitiononline.com/19784444/petition.html some of my favorite episodes would have to be glim glim, and rain dance. i also loved the opening intro with the monster family. that used to creep me out! one of the things i would have to ask the dvd creators to include would be the organ sound heard right before where the commercial break would be. i don't know if any of you remember that part but that's one of the main things that brings back memories to me. i mean, come on! war of the worlds the tv series already has been released on dvd, so i say monsters, and also tales from the darkside, and friday the 13th the series should be released too! we the fans need to speak our minds! we need this awesome show on dvd so please spread the word!!!this picture is an interesting saga of the struggle of pioneers led by daniel boone in the wilderness of cumberland gap while being threatened by hostile indians. a treacherous frenchman is the cause of all the trouble between the settlers and the red men while boone tries to convince the indians that the pioneers only want to build homes and live in peace. the film has a certain appeal because it is not a polished production but there are good action scenes, although somewhat violent for its time. the cast is comprised of b actors but they are all good, especially lon chaney as the indian chief. bruce bennett is okay as boone but is a bit too clean cut and soft spoken to be believable as a frontiersman. the dialogue is rather trite but the scenery lends itself to the realism of the kentucky backwoods.i was enchanted by niami's debut. i hope that we'll soon see more of his work. i was lucky enough to catch the film during its brief nyc run and it struck me as a worthy successor to such downtown 80s flicks as desperately seeking susan and after hours, but with a gentle european whimsey that made it fresh and fun. a strong ensemble cast playing mostly against type was a pleasure. and i thought the complexly inter-threaded plots were just right. sandra bernhard puts in her best performance since king of comedy, while peter stormare is hilarious, and ling bai touching. see it.despite its new york setting & new york characters, 'summer in the city' is not an american movie, it is better than that. what is most unusual is the mixing of styles and genres. director niami's shows a deft touch in combining comedy with tragedy, pathos with drama.<br /><br />the secret of niami's success appears to be a smorgasboard of great characters - each could have their own film built around them - and then filling them out with beautifully realized performances from one of the most wonderfully eclectic casts one would struggle to find in the same country let alone in the same movie, ranging from bai ling to ornella muti, robert burke to peter stormare who here reveals that he has a lot more in him than the bad guy stereotypes he plays in hollywood pictures. even sandra bernhard is funny here !<br /><br />an added bonus, cream on the substantial cake, is john cale's soundtrack.this film did a wonderful job of capturing nyc stereotypes at there best. if you want a simple, cute story however, you won't find it here. the related tales are woven together in a manner that does an excellent job of capturing the close-knit yet contrastingly anonymous lifestyle that is manhattan. a perfect watch for those who enjoy and can laugh at new york life in its most natural state.i put this film in the queue on a whim after a recent trip to nyc, and i couldn't believe i'd never heard of it anywhere! it has all the makings of a cult classic, starting with the characters. they are archetypal roles we recognize from every stretch of daily life, but were so nuanced and fully realized by the actors playing them (peter stormare and bai ling's performances were particularly strong). their interactions are poignant and grounded while at the same time brimming with a subtle, quirky humor that is (sadly) all too rare in american films these days. writer/director ramin niami does a beautiful job of weaving these scenes together into a funny and moving portrait of a city of the past. highly recommended!this is the best work i have ever seen on television. the story is compelling--all the more so because it is true. the writers did their homework--the accuracy of events is well documented. the acting is great. this has to be the best role sam waterston has ever had. and the black and white cinematography was exceptional. my only regret is that it is not available to buy. a few years ago i contacted someone involved with the production (either with pbs or in england) and was told they had no plans to release it on vhs (at the time). this was a bbc production and ran in the u.s. on american playhouse. there is such an interest in seeing this--just hard to believe no one can make it available.the director, ramin niami, delivers the goods with somewhere in the city. this hilarious farce, i believe, is in the tradition of a mel brooks comedy. niami pokes fun at new york society by creating the believable, eccentric, and tragic characters of one tenement apartment building bringing them to life from the very opening one shots that introduce them. peter stormare's performance as a gay shakespearean actor is absolutely award worthy and the film in general does a good job at showing the hopelessness and laugh-ability of self-centered ambition. sandra bernhard is cast perfectly as the straight, self-obsessed therapist. i really enjoyed sandra's performance immensely especially since i haven't really been a very big fan until now. bai ling, ornella muti, and bulle ogier round out an international ensemble par excellence. i loved the scene with robert john burke and his gang of idiot criminals who couldn't plan a robbery if their lives depended on it. with a cameo appearance by mayor ed koch and a solid performance by paul anthony stewart, the revolutionary momma's boy, somewhere in the city entertains without missing a beat.i agree with the aussie's comments for the most part. however, there id seem to be a fairly decent plot, if unoriginal. christina (kelli mccarty) inherits a rural property that she intends to open a mountain lodge. she gets reacquainted with chip (bobby johnston) whom she had known when she was growing up in there. the plot thickens when james (paul logan) arrives with his new stripper friend, shene (devinn lane) because christina had been james' stripper friend in years gone by, and the implication is that james had done her wrong somehow. to add interest to the movie sophia linn (monique parent) a romance novelist shows up as a guest at the lodge, as do eric (sebastien guy) and linda (flower), pair of lawyers from the city. james sicks the local building codes inspector on christina's business as one of his dirty tricks to shut her down. so the question is, "how far will james go to sabotage the lodge and will he succeed?"<br /><br />watch for devinn lane here and in "beauty betrayed." she seems to be making a transition from the hard core business to the "r" world. another notable is samantha mcconnell, playing the role of "bait," clearly the most outrageous character name in the movies!wow, i've sure seen quite a bit of kelli mccarty this summer. i didn't know this woman made so many softcore flicks in the past three years. it's like seeing a future softcore star blossom in front of me, much like michelle hall did a couple of years ago.<br /><br />"passion's peak" is the third quality softcore flick i've seen kelli mccarty in, with "girl for girl" and "house of love" being the others. "desire and deception" was okay, but it wasn't spectacular. there's spoilers in this review, so read only if you want to.<br /><br />the story begins with christina (kelli mccarty) heading out of the big city and to the mountains. she has inherited a house from her dear departed grandmother and plans to turn it into a mountain lodge. before she can even set her things down, some woman named kim (uncredited in this film, but quite the aggressive one) begins booking guests to stay there. now she has to get the house into shape quickly--in comes chip (bobby johnston), a childhood friend, to the rescue. chip helps her get the house in workable condition. she hires two local slackers to work in her lodge--chip's sister bait (samantha mcconnell) and her sex buddy hank.<br /><br />now the guests start coming. the first to arrive are eric and linda (flower), two stereotypical money-first lawyers. linda and eric get into a huge argument during a dinner party halfway through the film which leads to their breakup; sad stuff there. next, there's romance novelist sophia, played by b-movie goddess monique parent. she's using that silly alias scarlet johansing again, and she's got a very professional look this time--with blonde hair, of course. it wouldn't be monique if she didn't have at least one scene where she plays with herself--and she obliges, during one of eric and linda's sex scenes.<br /><br />james and shene (devinn lane--yes, the porn star devinn lane) show up for a little weekend getaway as well. unbeknownst to shene, james and christina have quite a history. james and christina used to date, but christina broke it off to head to this mountain lodge. james comes up to the lodge to get christina back, but his plan backfires. christina spills the beans to shene, which causes shene to walk out on him and down to the local bar to strip for the locals. shene ends up in the sleeping bag of the now-single eric, and they leave together. bait realizes she wants something more than just sex with hank, and christine finds true love with chip, with sophia soaking it all in and writing it into her next romance novel. <br /><br />in fact....if you ask me, this whole movie played out like a romance novel. i don't know if the screenwriter was going for that effect, but i sure got that impression. sophia had some of the best lines in this film, playing up the idea that this is a live-action romance novel. she seems to enjoy all the fighting and backstabbing going on.<br /><br />now to the sex. there was a fair amount of it, and it was the usual bump-and grind stuff. monique did her fair share of moaning in her two sex scenes. this film was tapeworthy, and the story will actually keep the audience somewhat interested in between the sex scenes.<br /><br />women: a- (monique was simply monique. out of all the softcore actresses i've seen over the years, she's the best at acting, in my opinion. she can really act and be sexy, which is why she's holding on to the #1 position in my skinemax top 10. kelli mccarty is better at doing softcore films than she is on the soap opera "passions"; i don't know why she's not doing more of these. flower was merely background scenery for the most part in a limited role. samantha mcconnell continues to impress me, and devinn lane is yet another hardcore actress crossing over into the softcore realm and doing a halfway decent job at it.)<br /><br />sex: b (it was good, but not awe-inspiring spectacular. plenty of moaning. don't watch the r-rated version, trust me....most of the good stuff is taken out. my grade is for the uncut version.)<br /><br />story: b (a solid storyline which throws in a contrived "ooh, the building inspector's gonna shut us down" subplot toward the end which messes up things. the underlying story between christina and james was nice, and sophia's dialogue, full of the metaphors and imagery usually found in romance novels, was a nice touch.)<br /><br />overall: b+ (i found this movie to be quite entertaining. it's not a surefire softcore hall-of-famer like "girl for girl" is, but it's a respectable addition to the skinemax collection.)one of keli mccarthy's best. this movie is filled with sex, and nudity. it has gorgeous, sexy women and some sexy settings.<br /><br />believe me, there are many spicy and steamy sex scenes but not as hot as the women. we have outside settings, a hot tub, beds of course, and some other nice places to have sex.<br /><br />monique parent is great in the opening sex sequence where she behaves like a naughty girl. keli is amazing, she's extremely sexy and performs in at least 4 hot sex scenes. my favorite is when she has sex during a picnic or something like that. she has this short dress removed and the rest you can go figure it out! renee rea also has a sexy sex scene where again, she demonstrates that beautiful cute faces can also perform great in soft core sex movies.<br /><br />the most memorable scene in my opinion comes near the ending. it's a double sex feature that has to do with hottub sex, intense sex! and kelli mccarthy receiving it real hard so loud that the couple in the hottub feel interrupted. the scene is long, steamy, very explicit, and fun. my favorite from 2001.<br /><br />the other good scenes include keli getting it on the woods (really kinky); then dressed as a bride. <br /><br />renne rea, always super gorgeous, dressed like a skater girl has a steamy sex scene. nice!<br /><br />please, watch this movie if you enjoy b-soft core sex. it's among the best from the new millennium. i had a blast with it.this was a very nice soft-core movie for both men and women. plenty of nudity/sex, but without the overall raunch you'll usually find. they could not have done a better job in casting as the entire ensemble was stunning. trust me guys, if you want to get your woman in the mood, get something with bobby johnston in it! and i'm sure lovely monique parent, samantha mcconnell and the rest of the ladies would do it for any heterosexual male. unfortunately, bobby and monique do not share a scene together and if you are aware of a movie where they do, please pm me! i'd love to know. the photography was much better than usual. so was the story. predictable, but nice, sweet natured and romantic. at the very least it was not one of those annoying predictable murder mysteries full of bottle blonde women with huge fake breasts. i give this 7/10!don't know what film or version jeff saw, but this entire film was awesome, not just poitier and going. the story was riveting, suspenseful and engaging. and for the guy complaining about historical accuracy, get real. yes there were some black deputy marshals in the indian territory, but they had no authority to arrest whites outside of indian territory. as a rule, they did not "patrol" but exercised warrants on criminals only. i did find it odd that corby didn't seem to have "any' indian friends. i know their numbers were diminished but it still strikes me as strange. even as corby returned to his people, his indian cohorts remain faceless and nameless.i loved this moviee well i loved the romance part with colby and the girl...rachel (?) 4got her name....i honestly was only interested in those too. i loved them in the movie i want to see more movies like that. but please no more sad endings where they cant be 2gether! =( it made me cry! but the romance between them. the plot the trauma everything was great. =) i just was more into colby and rachel. ha ha =) everything about this movie was thrilling the kind to keep you glued to your seat. because i sure was. honestly my only personal want would be more focused between the couple (colby and rachel) and at least a decent ending. i hated the ending, a better one could have been more thought out, not the fact of forcing colby to his death and rachel having a son. the ending would have killed the movie.this has to be one of the best movies we have seen and we highly recommend it for it's exposure of the injustices of bigotry. billy wirth is an incomparable actor and truly awesome as corby/white wolf. however, felt the story would have been enhanced if his character had more scenes. this is a movie that can be watched over and over without tiring.i am a big fan of this film and found the tv mini series "children of the dust", the version fans should look for. at least 20 minutes or more are cut on the dvd version of this film.<br /><br />i would also suggest viewers who enjoyed this film to check out the book there is a more rounded storyline with corby/whitewolf and rachel, more on black history and buffalo solders. there were two many storylines for the series or this film.<br /><br />sidney poitier only shows he gets better with age, the talent just keeps growing the chemistry between his character of gypsy smith and regina taylor were wonderful viewing. i also enjoyed the billy wirth/joanna going storyline, they seems to play off each other well.<br /><br />billy wirth is of course the "model of indian vision". the look, the attitude, the dream of every woman who was wanted to be carried off in one of those romance novels by a native hero. worked for me also.<br /><br />much more could have been done with this storyline but it did give the viewer a brief glimpse of racial problems back in the 1880's, white take over of native schooling, lack of black pioneers to setup towns in the west. michael moriarty (maxwell) as always a great actor comes across as a very caring and confused teacher, not sure if the "whites" should be interfering with native culture.<br /><br />for anyone who enjoys characters and watching them change this film is for you. i thought the chemistry between poitier's character and that of the orphan whitewolf very moving and thought wirth and poitier worked very well together. billy wirth did some of his best scenes when working with poitier.<br /><br />going got on my nerves sometimes when you want to just stop and shake her or give her a " wake-up and grown-up" call. but on the whole it was a great evening of entertainment.<br /><br />look for the two tape version of this mini series if you are a fan you will really see the difference.i don't understand why more people have not commented on this, other than the fact that perhaps not very many have seen it. it's an amazing cast of characters, one after another after another, all done by the guy who wrote the play. if you don't like filmed plays, you may not like this (after all, plays usually don't look good on tv), but it's a one-man show that will have you paying attention throughout. highly recommended.i've always liked barbara stanwyck who was, perhaps, the hardest working lead actress of the 30's and 40's although few of her movie roles are memorable. today she is remembered most for the tv show "the big valley". stanwyck worked so much because she was durable; it seems that she would accept most any role and make the most of it to make the movie a success and so directors loved her and many an ordinary picture gained credibility by her presence.<br /><br />and so it was for "christmas in connecticut" a very ordinary effort whose plot strains credulity and isn't even really about christmas. it does, however, have stanwyck and dennis morgan as well as some supreme character actors including sydney greenstreet and s.k. sakall so there are plot twists and funny moments which undoubtedly seemed more real in 1945 than they do today. to begin, the plot concerns a magazine writer (stanwyck) who the magazine's readers believe is a domestic goddess, married with a child and living on a farm in connecticut but who is really single, lives in new york city and knows nothing about cooking or homemaking. could anyone get away with such a fraud even then? apparently, and even the owner of the magazine (greenstreet) is deceived although one would think that he would have long since seen though the deception but the story moves on and stanwyck, greenstreet, a sailor recently survived from his sunken ship (morgan) and stanwyck's restaurateur friend (s.z.sakall) find themselves spending christmas in connecticut at a farm belonging to stanwyck's boorish boyfriend (reginald gardiner). you can imagine all the possibilities there are for this as the fraud unwinds as it must. gardiner wants stanwyck to marry him to perpetuate the rouse but one wonders how she can stand him at all. morgan and stanwyck fall for each other but he is supposed to be engaged and she is supposed to be married. regardless, they begin what seems to be a make believe affair dancing cheek to cheek and stealing off in a horse drawn sleigh. meanwhile, the incredibly naive greenstreet character who has seen stanwyck and morgan go off together but still doesn't get it sees one of the neighbors take back a child that has been borrowed as part of the deception and calls the cops to report a kidnapping. stanwyck and morgan are arrested for stealing the sleigh and the hoax begins to unwind.<br /><br />at this point the movie is funny as in ridiculous or absurd, not funny ha,ha and it routinely ends like screwball comedies always did. the good guy gets the girl and presumably they live happily ever after.<br /><br />i watch this movie every year at christmas to enjoy these character actors at their best in a story that reflects way it was in 1945 and because of a long held fascination with barbara stanwyck. thank goodness it was set at christmas or like 95 percent of stanwyck's movies it would have been long ago forgotten and we would not get to see it each year anew.a very well directed version of eric bogosian's stage play. well worth checking out for bogosian's great characters and for anyone who wants to see how to bring a play to the movies correctly.eric bogosian's ability to roll from character to character in this 'one man show' exhibits his true range as a character actor. each persona has their own message to convey about truth, society, class, drugs, etc. this is an absolute must have for anyone who is a serious fan of acting! his performance contains some of the most hilarious and real moments i have ever experienced as a viewing audience.this is absolutely the best movie i have ever watched. at the age of 12 i was up late and ran across the movie. it was on the usa channel, gilbert godfrey's up all night. i will never forget. at the time my friends and i were really struggling with different issues, some sexual. you know 12 is a very rough and weird age. it seems you are stuck in between being a little girl, and being a young lady. this movie really helped to answer a lot of questions for me. i now have a daughter that is 12. have been searching for a couple years for this movie. if it ever does come out on dvd i would be the first to buy. would recommend for any parent to watch this with their child when they reach that very rough and difficult age.many teenage sex comedy movies come and go without much fanfare, however, every so often a movie might come along thats honest, funny, entertaining and memorable. the last american virgin is a special movie that has found its place and has stood the test of time blending all four ingredients. this film follows three friends (gary, rick and david "the big apple") misadventures into the world of first-time sex and true love. along the way they learn hard lessons and the value of true friendship. we follow hopeless romantic gary (the main character) on his quest to win over the girl of his dreams which leads him down an uncertain road with a surprise twist at it's ending. if you haven't been lucky enough to see this movie yet, by all means take a look...sprinkled with many memorable 80s songs throughout the movie to keep things moving at an even pace. l.a.v. truly is an original film, a rarity among films of it's genre.the last american virgin (1982) was one of the few teenage comedies that i really enjoyed. the subject matter and the acting was well above the usual tripe that hollywood was (and still is) cranking out these days. but for awhile, the smaller studios were producing movies about teenagers that wasn't toned downed or soften for the kiddies. the men pulling the strings behind this production were from your friends from cannon.<br /><br />three teenage buddies are trying to lose their virginity whilst still in high school. they'll do anyone or anything to achieve their dream goal. the sensitive one of the group (andrew monsoon) what's to find the right girl while his two best friends will take whatever they can get. one day, the kid finds his perfect girl (diane franklin). but fate would play one of their foul tricks. his best friend moves on in and sweeps her off of her feet. after knocking her up, the sensitive kid helps the girl get back on her feet and pays for her abortion. he still has feelings for her and tries to win her heart. meanwhile his best friend has a very violent falling out over getting her dream girl preggers. still, he tries his best to get her to love him. the night comes when he pops the question to her. but his heart is shattered when he sees her dancing with his former best friend. in tears, the kid leaves the party.<br /><br />what i enjoyed about this movie was that it pulled no punches. instead of being filled with phony situations, it was very realistic, honest and brutal. the movie's filled with it's share of funny moments and hysteria. i have to recommend this film for fans of teenage comedies.<br /><br />highly recommended.i see there are great reviews of this film already, i've got a few points to comment on, reasons i thought there was something special about this film...<br /><br />first and foremost, the film is realistic. it may not seem realistic to an adult who has forgotten what it was like being a teenager, but that's really the kind of superdrama that goes on amongst teens all the time. second, the good guy, the guy who treats women with respect, doesn't get the girls. that's the way it is, in real life just the same! he's too nice for his own good. people are just selfish. third, it was nice to see a fat guy who had some self-confidence. i mean, that role already takes confidence from the actor, i'm not just talking about the character. overall i thought the film was a positive surprise that secretly hides amongst wacky, partyin' teen sex comedies at the rental shelf. don't get me wrong, it's not all sad, it's a good laugh as well.i first saw this movie when i was about 12 years old. it has been one of my favorites since... it's so perfect in all it's glory complete with awesome soundtrack, cheesy dialog, and it was both hilarious and terribly sad. the first movie i really just had a fit about at the end... i won't ruin it for you guys but boy is it a tear jerker... i just remember feeling so sad for gary! what a bunch of cool characters in this movie it's genius!!! they are all so great even the nerdy girl gary doesn't like...(she had a nice little body though). i can't believe all the girls go for rick he is such a sleaze ball with his handkerchief tied around his neck!!! ha ha ha... when watching this movie be prepared for lots of sex jokes complete with sexually transmitted diseases(almost). but a love story at heart with real problems, dealing from insecurity to life altering decisions that make you think and feel genuine sorrow for the cast. i love this movie !!! if you like valley girl another all time classic you will too!i saw this movie for the first time just a short while ago. if you ask me it does not get the credit it deserves. it is a little like american pie meets fast times at ridgemont high but with more depth. it handles the same issues as both movies, but in a way that holds with it some grain of truth. the ending is sad, but that is how life is. i think everyone should see it. i have it on dvd form, and it took such a long time to find it too. that should say something, heh and another thing i will add is that it is quite difficult finding the soundtrack. i believe they stopped it, but the soundtrack to this movie is amazing. it has songs by artists like the commodores, u2, devo, reo speedwagon, the cars, kc and the sunshine band, and many more.i totally loved this movie, tried to buy it and can't find it. a must see, a movie you can watch again and again, funny but also a tear jerker in one. really good album for the movie. it's a really good 80's movie, i wish i could find a copy to buy this movie, cause i would,the actors in it acted really good.there's a lot of people out there that probably could relate to this movie.that's what makes this movie so good. so go out and try to rent this one, you won't regret it. it's an older movie but it's worth watching, i would not be surprised if they made a remake of this movie soon, but i'm sure it would not be the same. anyone who hasn't seen it, go rent it.i don't think i will include any spoilers but if i do, i can cover my butt. "the last american virgin" came in a time were such teenage coming of age/high school sex romps were the rave. films such as "prepies" (1984), "hot times" (1974) and the popular "porky's " (1981) were making mucho money. yet it is the "last american virgin" the one that actually has a more serious plot story amidst the nudity and sexual situations. it is the often told tale of three high school buddies who want to lose their virginity. the go to the wrong places (prostitutes), the dangerous ones (older woman with jealous boyfriend) and the convenient ones (luring their high school female counterparts). the movie has a lot of funny moments, and although the cast did not produce a single major movie star, it is worth remembering for a fantastic 80's soundtrack that includes: devo, the cars, journey and others. by today standards is raunchy and might have grabbed a nc-17 rating, but is a well told story of how sometimes personal fixation can only bring pain,while love might be right in front of us. it is a little piece of 80s americana and worth having in your movie collection.while it's not "perfect", it's close. love barbara stanwyck, sz sakall, sidney greenstreet, dennis morgan, robert shayne (superman's police chief), the housekeeper, the waiter at restaurant felix, and the judge......i can go on and on. this movie has been part of my family's holiday tradition since i was a youngster, and my children grew up with it, too! "the baby swallowed the watch" was always my son's favorite line.<br /><br />sexy barbara stanwyck in pants and gowns stole the show along with the cuddly, funny s. z. sakall. dennis morgan has a few great songs, too.<br /><br />i highly recommend this movie and suggest you skip the remake (blah).reality before reality tv? copy of "fast times at ridgemont high"? a precursor to "say anything" that's grittier? i can't decide, but the soundtrack *is* the 80's--blondie, journey, reo speedwagon, devo, lionel richie, and u2--i can't believe this, they would never throw all those genres together in a teen movie of today.<br /><br />i remembered this like a teenager--mainly the sex parts and not a hint of the altruism. why? i was a horny teenager in the 80's. watching it again, i just can't describe how much i love that rose, play by kimberly richardson, turns out to be the voice of "pepper ann" in the 90's, and she was almost 30 when she was in last american virgin, playing alongside 16 year-olds--fantastic! complete cheese, reality, fantasy, and comedy--with a sincere cherry on top.i really like this movie. i like it not just because it's a great early 80s movie with a great soundtrack but i found that it has some thought-provoking moments. they are just moments; not the entire film. it's definitely not like "less than zero".<br /><br />the scenes deal with typical peer pressure and also with more difficult problems, like the betrayal of trust. these problems are not easily resolved or forgotten by the characters. certain scenes will stand out and invite reflection on one's own teenage experiences and how those experiences may have affected one's character and outlook as an adult.<br /><br />you can watch this movie and think about the problems young adults must face, and about your own experiences. or you can just pay attention to the boys' quest to de-virginize themselves! :) either way it's a good movie.when i watched this movie in my adolescence, i attempted for the soundtrack. some bands of the soundtrack i still didn't know. however, during the film, i already noticed her quality. u2, blondie, police. , quincy jones , commodores .sensational soundtrack.<br /><br />in brazil, there is a long time this film didn't pass in tv. today, he passed in cable tv and i remembered to access the site to do the comment.<br /><br />the end of the film surprised me a lot, but it is what happens in the real life. not always, what thought about being the ideal, it is what happens. <br /><br />the life brings us a lot of surprises.this movie was release when i was 15 and i could easily relate to the themes the film portrayed.<br /><br />that was over 24 years ago and i haven't seen the movie since. this time around i cringed at some of the acting but still appreciate the film for what it is.<br /><br />life is not always fair and the good guys don't always win in fact i think the movie did well to reflect that especially as a teenager the pricks always did better with a lot of girls. also it doesn't matter how nice you are you cannot make someone like you. girls/boys like who they want to like no matter how hard you try otherwise. sometimes you just gotta let go and say next.<br /><br />gary does a good job showing the intensity of his feelings for karen. this is so true of teenagers when they get fixated on someone.<br /><br />i remember sitting around with mates laughing our arses off at some of the antics. the acting is not quite there compared with fast times at ridgemount high but it kicks ass over this movie simply because ftarh has a lame viewer friendly ending where as this movie has a realistic ending. nice guys finish last!! gary comes across as pretty lame cringe worthy material but we all know guys like this who are far to sensitive. we all know a david, fun guy who makes you laugh.<br /><br />some people on here bag the ending but hello the ending is exactly what can happen in real life. some chicks just go back for more no matter how bad the dude treats them, especially at that age. i have experienced that first hand.<br /><br />great sound track too!! u2 "i will follow" - jesus is it that old??as i said in the other comment this is one of the best teen movies of all time,and one of my personal favorites. to me this movie is the second best teen movie of all time. second only to the breakfast club. the last american virgin is also maybe the most honest teen movie of all time. it's underrated,and pretty much an unknown movie to a lot of people. it comes on tbs maybe once a year,but sometimes longer. the first half of this movie is a sex comedy with a few honest scenes. then the second half is pure honest,and most of the time serious. with only a few comic scenes. in my opinion this is the best soundtrack of all time. i've never heard this many great songs in one movie before. there are 4 love songs in this movie that i think are some of the best love songs in history. the movie is about a pizza boy named gary who is a virgin. hes in high school who has a couple of best friends. his two friends are sex-sarved teens. the first half of the movie is pretty much sexual misadventures. that are very funny. gary is major in love with the new girl in school. he later finds out that his best friend is going out with her. he also cheats on the side. you can feel the love gary has for this girl very much. you can feel it even more in the second half. gary's friend turns out to be a creep. but his other friend is pretty cool. the movie shows how mean people can be. you can relate to a lot of this movie. the plot sounds like your typcial teen sex comedy. but it's so much more than that. it's a very honest movie. it's also very 80ish which i love. if you love the 80's or grew-up in the 80's,rent this movie. but there may be some people that don't like the 80's,but still may like this movie. i first saw this movie back in 1987 i think. it's very entertaining,and very funny. it combines very touching moments with very funny moments. it's an underrated gem! i have the movie. i love it! i give the last american virgin ***1/2 out of ****it plays like your usual teenage-audience t&a movie, but the sentiment is incredibly bleak. if it was made today, it'd be considered an art house movie. it goes through the usual routine of a guy trying to get laid, but the results of his efforts are harsh and cruel and unsatisfying.<br /><br />the whole teen flick formula is adhered to, but nothing turns out the way you'd expect. imagine a director's cut of 'it's a wonderful life' where, at the end, james stewart wasn't allowed to return to the real world. an incredible film that subverts all of the expectations of the genre. it makes you feel dirty afterwards: there is no redemption for the characters. i'm amazed it ever got made. the eighties version of detective story."the last american virgin", along with "fast times at ridgemont high" is one the last great teen films ever made. it is tender tale of envy and unrequited love set in the early eighties. much-maligned by critics that it was a sophomoric, banal attempt to recreate the magic of "fast times at ridgemont high", these same critics fail to recognize that the two films were actually filmed concurrently during late 1981, and released at only slight intervals from one another. either way, the studios would never allow such a bold and uncompromising portrayal of the issues many male teenagers are confronted with as they reach their sexual maturity. especially considering the heart-wrenching discovery the protagonist, gary is confronted with in the end. american pie this is not. the story revolves around a trio of male teenagers, and their mostly unsuccessful sexual pursuits. gary is the least successful of the group, hence the tagline last american virgin. secretly, gary lusts after karen, who is involved with rick, his best friend. rick and karen begin having sex, and karen gets pregnant, only to be dumped by rick, who is not interested in the obvious responsibility which lies before him. gary glides into help karen, which leads to the aforementioned, unexpected conclusion. overall as a film, i find it was very successful as a comedy, as a commentary on the sexual dilemmas of young men, and a remarkable coming of age tale dealing with issues such as envy, unrequited love and abortion, which are just as pertinent today as they were over twenty years ago. also, it has one of the rockingest soundtracks ever made!!!spoilers: this movie has it's problems, but in the end it gets the message across. i liked it because it ends the way things really do. the nice guy tries and tries, gets his heart broken several times, but in the end there is no typical hollywood ending. it ends the way such things always end, or at least always have in my own and friends' experiences. anyone who thinks that the ending to this isn't how it really happens, as the first comment seemed to, believing that the girl would come around, realize she's dating an asshole who treats her bad because he doesn't care about her at all is either naive or lives in a more perfect world than i. i give it 7/10, extra points simply because it wasn't afraid to end on a down note, give no real resolution, just the main character left heartbroken, confused and alone as so many men of countless generations have been before.ahhh...the '80's. 1982 makes me think back to the really crazy time we were facing in america. fresh off the "do what feels good" '70's, "the last american virgin" comes as a wolf in sheep's clothing as yet another 'teenage sex comedy' from the glory days. oh sure, there's sex, but, i can't think of another movie--ok, this and "fast times at ridgemont high"--that really wasn't killing time between topless teenage scenes--there was some pretty good stuff here amongst the cleavage.<br /><br />the movie follows three hormonal friends. gary (wanting to lose his virginity), rick (stud incarnate), and david (overweight, but, not inexperienced) as they try desperately hard to make sure gary joins the world of manhood. but, a funny thing happens on the way to the kegger--gary falls for karen (pretty brunette who loves the bad boys), and can't seem to follow through with any sexual conquest that david and rick can facilitate. only trouble is, rick and karen get hot and heavy and karen skips a period. it's gary who is by her side as she goes to get her abortion, and it's gary who truly cares. but, who is karen dancing with by film end...rick. subtract the "r" and add a "d" where necessary.<br /><br />what separates this film from others from the '80's we think about is that, by god, they attempt some real drama here, and not of the "my parents just pulled in the driveway variety." and, you know what? i bought it.<br /><br />it wasn't sloppy. it wasn't far-fetched. and, when gary sees rick dancing with karen at the house party at the end of the film, i actually felt sorry for the guy. our teenage romeo actually believed in unrequited love--and when his heart was broken at the end, it all sort of touched me.<br /><br />so, all the t&a aside, there's an actually pretty believable and engaging story here. oscar worthy? not by a mile, but, i don't know that i'd lump it into the "let's get laid" category, either. like "fast times at ridgemont high," they actually were trying to do a true film here, letting the hi-jinx in between fall where it may.what looks like a ho-hum porky's rip-off turns out to be quite a touching film about being young and in love.<br /><br />the story concerns three friends, gary, ricky and david, who spend their after school hours looking for sex. when a new girl arrives in town gary falls head over heels in love with her.<br /><br />the film goes from being a sleazy sex film to an examination of teenage insecurities. it is funny and sad at the same time. it never completely gives into that love story formula that seems prominent in every movie made. you know the guy meets girl, guy loses girl, guy gets girl back in the final frame formula. that formula is tossed aside after guy meets girl. maybe that is why i liked the film so much.<br /><br />the soundtrack is especially good and the ending is a definite tear jerker. it also might be one of the most realistic endings i've ever seen in a love story.<br /><br />i absolutely adore this film about a lady columnist (barbara stanwyck) for a major homemaking magazine who delivers a welcoming article each month that includes details about her awesome home life as a wife and mother in a beautiful connecticut home. the trouble happens when the owner of her monthly publication demands that she have him and a ww2 hero as guests during the christmas holidays. why is she worried? because she lives in a small new york apartment, isn't married, and doesn't have a baby - and can't cook at all! hilarity (and romance) ensues when she tries to put on a believable act in an effort to save face/ keep from being fired by the magazine owner (played by sydney greenstreet). this is a delightful comedy; one that i highly recommend to classic movie lovers!!!!i have always liked this film and i'm glad it's available finally on dvd so more viewers can see what i have been telling them all these years. story is about a high school virgin named gary (lawrence monoson) who works at a pizza place as a delivery boy and he hangs out with his friends david (joe rubbo) and rick (steve antin). gary notices karen (diane franklin) who is the new girl in school and one morning he gives her a ride and by this time he is totally in love. that night at a party he see's rick with karen and now he is jealous of his best friend but doesn't tell anyone of his true feelings.<br /><br />*****spoiler alert*****<br /><br />rick asks gary if he can borrow his grandmothers vacant home but gary makes up an excuse so that rick can't get karen alone. but one night rick brags to gary that he nailed her at the football field and gary becomes enraged. a few days later in the school library gary see's rick and karen arguing and he asks karen what is wrong. she tells him that she's pregnant and that rick has dumped her. gary helps her by taking her to his grandmothers home and paying for her abortion. finally, gary tells karen how he really feels about her and she seems receptive to his feelings but later at her birthday party he walks in on karen and rick together again. gary drives off without the girl! this film ends with a much more realistic version of how life really is. no matter how nice you are you don't necessarily get the girl.<br /><br />this film was directed by boaz davidson who would go on to be a pretty competent action film director and he did two things right with this movie. first, he made sure that there was plenty of gratuitous nudity so that this was marketable to the young males that usually go to these films. secondly, he had the film end with young gary without karen and i think the males in the audience can relate to being screwed over no matter how hard you try and win a girls heart. yes, this film is silly and exploitive but it is funny and sexy. actress louisa moritz almost steals the film as the sexy carmela. moritz was always a popular "b" level actress and you might remember her in "one flew over the cuckoo's nest". like "fast times at ridgemont high" this has a very good soundtrack and the songs being played reflect what is going on in the story. but at the heart of this film is two very good performances by monoson and franklin. there is nudity required by franklin but she still conveys the sorrow of a young girl who gets dumped at a crucial time. she's always been a good actress and her natural charm is very evident in this film. but this is still monoson's story and you can't help but feel for this guy. when the film ends it's his performance that stays with you. it's a solid job of acting that makes this more than just a teen sex comedy. even with the silly scenarios of teens trying to have sex this film still manages to achieve what it wants. underrated comedy hits the bullseye.yes it's a fast times wannabe, but it's still decent entertainment.<br /><br />some of the comedy parts are really funny. the scene when the three guys visit the spanish lady is hilarious, with a little flamenco music in the background. the reaction when her sailor husband comes home is a riot. the guys' exploits in dealing with crabs are funny as well when they try to "drown them" and when they visit the pharmacist. <br /><br />the abortion scene is a fast times ripoff too, but it does do a good job of capturing the terror of the situation. you really feel for what karen is going through, and for gary in his mad scramble for cash to pay for the abortion and accommodating her recovery.<br /><br />the ending is painful to watch, but refreshingly realistic. first-time viewers will not be prepared for it and it will be a shock.<br /><br />there is a decent eye-candy for guys with young girls and the milf spanish lady, but heterosexual guys will probably want to skip the penis-measuring competition. <br /><br />underrated soundtrack too. check out early, early u2(!), the cars in their prime and an appropriate tearjerker song by james ingram for the surprise ending.<br /><br />some people will hate it and it is somewhat dated, but those who like teen flicks or grew up in the early 80s should like it.this is one of the best and most under rated teen movies ever made.<br /><br />i saw this growing up and it was, and is one of my favorites, maybe not as popular as "fast times" but just as great.<br /><br />there is a serious side to this movie, as mentioned by other reviewers it starts as a comedy and morphs into a drama about halfway through. that's the beauty of it though and what sets it apart. you get it all. humor(not unlike that of "fast times" ), drama, and a great great soundtrack.<br /><br />i personally think every kid about to enter high school should see this, it would give an idea about the journey their about to embark on. cmon-what kid watching this, wouldn't be able to relate to someone in the movie? the fact that it becomes so serious halfway though is also cool and just superbly well done.you don't even see it coming. definitely a lot of surprises.<br /><br />spoilers:don't read anymore if you don't want to know.<br /><br />great, knee slappping humor.(who could forget the scene between gary and camilla?). i can still hear it:"oh my big strong burrito!!" priceless!!<br /><br />some of the scenes between gary and karin are hard to watch(particularly the final scene of coarse). there are so so many women like karen out there who would have made the exact same choice she did. think about it-how many women reject men with hearts of gold(like gary) for jerks? i know i've done it-and so have many females i know. this movie will inspire discussion and, despite the countless times i've seen it, still leaves me filled with admiration for the film makers and performers. everyone will find someone to relate to in this movie or what's more likely more then one person.<br /><br />lastly, the music used is just great(a lot of cars, u2,lots of obscure(now) songs from the 80's.-an 80's purist's dream.)<br /><br />but make no mistake, it is not the music that makes this movie unique, it is the story itself, plain and simple. one of the best of it's kind and a teen movie classic.spoilers in this review! despite a few highly improbable scenes, including the boys in pe measuring their penises in a contest and the few obligatory teens-trying-to-get-laid vignettes, this movie captures the painful essence of high school in ways that few teen films have ever done. it achieves this by not only showing the trio of friends, gary, dave, rick, as smoking, drinking, ever on the prowl teens, but also dwells on the nature of friendship itself as these three friends have their loyalties tested. this film is a snapshot of the time when childhood ends. for the shy romantic gary, when he sees the lovely karen for the first time he falls instantly in love. the awakening emotion in gary is writ large on the screen, and he proves his love for her by taking her in when she is jilted by her lover. this love for karen signals the end of gary's innocence, as the bonds with his two best friends will be tested, and broken, over the course of the story. the confident ladies man, rick, is the person in high school we all secretly wish we were: handsome, cool, and always has the impossibly beautiful girls in a swoon. rick turns out to be a cad, but you have to bear in mind that his character is only 17 years old. he panics and makes a bad decision. from rick's perspective, the story is also about finding the one girl of his dreams, a bad breakup, and then at the end reconciling. the look on rick's face as gary walks in and sees karen kissing rick, shows that he at last understands that his best friend and he love the same woman. as in real life, you don't bow out because your friend has an unrequited love. this is the tragedy of the film. rick is no villain, and constantly through the film he reminds gary and dave that they're his best friends. the soulful quality of gary's performance, however, is the heart of the story. lawrence monoson is a beautiful loser. he does everything right, his heart's in the right place, and he's consumed by love for karen. yet, karen, in the end, is not moved by gary's devotion and kindness. karen represents all the people in the world who take in without giving back, who exist in a vacuum of their own ego and never stop to realize the emotional damage and trauma they inflict on others. this film is brutal in its statements on love and friendship, but that's what makes it unique among teen films. it ceases being a comedy and becomes a hopelessly romantic film, albeit one doomed to a tragic conclusion. anyone who has ever found the girl of his dreams and did not win her, will understand. the heartrending crushes of high school are every bit as real as the emotional strains of adulthood, and this film will remind you of that in bold strokes. gary's final reversal, as he drives away with the inscribed locket, is as poignant a moment as any in cinema. one feels, after watching this, that it's really made of two movies. the first part is a silly teen sexploitation film, and once the story begins, it's a strongly affecting drama. a terrific movie. it should also be noted that the soundtrack was prescient in its selection of many rising stars including the police, the cars, devo, oingo boingo, the plimsouls, the waitresses, gleaming spires, and phil seymour.when i was in 10th grade me and my buddy were up late at his house and were flipping around cable and started watching this movie. we watched it because it looked kind of funny and because it had boobs. but then the ending came and we just sat there completely speechless. i think after a minute of watching the credits roll he just sort of whimpered "oh dude....." it goes from dumb 80's teen sex comedy to nihilistic realism so quickly that it catches you off guard. i have been trying to rent this movie for years and have not been able to find it - and nobody has ever seen it except for me and my friend - so it seems. but now it is available! i highly suggest renting it and brace yourself.perhaps this movie was meant to be nothing but funny. maybe it was meant to get teenage boys excited at all the nudity in it. but what i got out of it was actually something that many people believe in. and that is, " nice guys finish last ".<br /><br />there is a line in angel heart from lisa bonet's character that says " it takes a bad ass to make a girls heart beat faster. " true. most likely. women always say that they want the flowers and the candy and politeness and whatever. but ( at least at an early age ) they end up going for the good looking, slimy, disrespectful, untamed guy. the one they know they can't conform to their beliefs. and that is part of the attraction. after all, what is exciting about a guy that is already the way you want him to be? i believe this may have happened to boaz davidson. and what he has to say in this film that is disguised with sex and nudity and parties and everything else that teens can relate to, is that you will get your heart broken. it happens to everyone and it will happen to you. and that is a strong final statement in the film. but having said all that, the movie is fun. it is funny and it shows the antics of highschoolers quite well.<br /><br />this is a rare film that is sleezy enough to please the teenage crowd it caters to but also intelligent and poignant enough to show what it;s like to get your heart broken. no highschool film has ever done this better. like i said, i think the writers must have experienced a situation like this first hand. maybe we all have.<br /><br />this is an old film, but if you ever come across it gathering dust on a shelf in your local video store one night, pick it up, you may be surprised. it is a hell of a lot better than never been kissed.i saw this in a theatre back in 1982. i expected a stupid t&a movie. that's not what i got.<br /><br />it's basically about three teenage boys trying to have sex. we get the expected sex jokes and scenes--but, for once, they're actually pretty funny!<br /><br />yeah, they're stupid but i enjoyed them anyways. also, there was a surprising amount of male nudity.<br /><br />then the movie, about halfway through, takes a sudden dramatic turn as one of the boys (winningly played by lawrence monoson) falls in love with a girl. then the jokes stop and things get very dark. i'm not going to give away what happens but i was very surprised at the sudden turn in events. the movie brings up some very important subjects and treats them realistically and with intelligence. and it has a real heart-breaking ending.<br /><br />i'm giving this a 10 because this is probably one of the best teen sex comedy/dramas ever made. it mixes fantasy and realism together and works! what more can you ask for? also it has a great soundtrack.feels like an impressionistic film; if there is such a thing.<br /><br />the story is well told, very poetic. the characters well developed and well acted by the interpreters (or interpreted by the actors :)).<br /><br />the film delights in its own sumptuous emotions at times and works well, unless you hate such emotion in movies - not so in my case.<br /><br />it's a very humanistic film.<br /><br />the landscape and even the extraordinary situation of the displaced cook are very poetic in their own right.<br /><br />well done.<br /><br />a good classic for any good film collection.the movie begins almost achingly slowly, a "romance" (yawn) that seems to ramble off course (all part of the plan...) then, roughly one hour into this solemn movie is the feast. it's worth paying attention to that first hour. the feast is still solemn, but humorous. suddenly, the withdrawn and slightly petty characters come to life, and everyone (you and the characters) leave feeling enriched by the experience.<br /><br />women will love this. christians of all sorts will enjoy the profound faith demonstrated by the characters. not my favorite movie of all time - no dinosaurs or laser beams, after all - but definitely a movie i am happy to have seen. not to be missed.<br /><br />jimsimply one of the greatest films ever made. worthy of sitting alongside such european masterworks as the rules of the game, grand illusion, nostalghia, andrei roublev, 8 1/2, wings of desire, viridiana, the night of the shooting stars, la strada, ordet,the passion of joan of arc, the four hundred blows and madame de... both a blessing...and an almost perfect work of art.barbara stanwyck probably didn't think of it, but it is a relief to see her in a more becoming dark hairstyle (if it wasn't a wig) than the one she had to wear in "double indemnity" the year before. that film, while the premiere "film noir" and an all-around great film, gave her a great role, but oh, that hair. here, she is more chic and certainly no femme fatal, but she is certainly a 40's woman. she has gotten used to life without men since most of them are off at war, and as a successful martha stewart like columnist, she writes a homey column in which she describes her country home as the camera pans over what it really is. we meet her boss, sydney greenstreet, who has no idea that she is living a lie, and when he pushes his way in for a christmas away at her supposed connecticut home, she has to come up with a husband (reginald gardiner) and baby before we can say "jingle bells". hungarian chef s.z. sakall steps in to help and ends up in a cutsey pie one-on-one with irish una o'connor. "it's not goulash, it's irish stew". sakall simply takes the paprika, pours most of it in, and says, "now it's goulash", totally changing what she has prepared for lunch. then, when it comes to the flapjacks, he flips and she scoops. for years, a few friends of mine and i will use that line every time pancakes come up in a conversation. "i don't flip. i scoop!". she won't even flip just one for greenstreet, saying "i've never flipped in me life." o'connor can get on the nerves when she screeches over and over in some films, but here, she is delightfully lovable, and her pairing with sakall is very charming.<br /><br />it is obvious in the romance department that reginald gardiner is not barbara stanwyck's cup of tea, especially when she meets handsome dennis morgan, who is a bit dimwitted when bathing the baby, which eats soap, causing stanwyck to get a bit alarmed. he should suspect something instantly, but doesn't. but it doesn't matter. the film is so charming with the country setting filled with snow, an abundance of rocking chairs, and a dog running towards them as the sleigh comes up. living in new york city after 25 years in los angeles after growing up in a small town on the western side of new york state made me miss this kind of christmas. while central park is beautiful after a first snow and the christmas tree at rockefeller center is exsquisit too, there is something about looking out at a snow-covered field of trees, and catch an occasional glimpse of deer, rabbits, or other wild life.<br /><br />this is a great holiday film that can also bring on the christmas spirit out of season, and makes a great pairing with another barbara stanwyck country christmas film, "remember the night", an underrated gem. add on the big city christmas of "meet john doe", and you've found perhaps one of the busiest stars of holiday films around.there is no need for me to repeat the synopsis rendered by glenn. the black and white rendition is even more powerful in portraying the bleakness of country village life at that time. the deep measure of friendship shown by babette toward the two elderly sisters touches the heart strings. the supporting cast is excellent and their performances superb, it would not be fair to single out any one character since the entire story depends on the cast as a whole. i cannot put my finger exactly on why i rate this movie so highly since i am not a professional critic; individual viewers may or may not agree with my rating since enjoyment of this type of movie is always in the eye of the beholder.this film offers many delights and surprises. when achille and philippa beautifully sing a duet from "don giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film. the story unfolds in 18th century jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch. you share general loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the cailles en sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.<br /><br />babette is an artist whose medium is food. perhaps no other art form allows the artist to share her creations so directly.<br /><br />the main theme of this movie, the potential that the sharing of food has to transform how people see each other and how they see the world, is much the same as the theme of "chololat," but "babette's feast" does not hit you over the head with its message. the townspeople are conservative puritans, but not exaggeratedly oppressive. you come to understand and respect them and ultimately to appreciate their humanity. <br /><br />many issues are raised for you to reflect on: the nature of art, the contemplation of paths taken and paths not taken, the relationship between the spiritual and the physical, the effect of environment on behavior, the taking of life to give life, among others.<br /><br />the only disappointment for me was general loewenhielm's speech delivered at the climax of the meal. i expected deep heartfelt observations, but i got some vague mystical ramblings. the speech had such a minimal impact that i hardly remember it.<br /><br />but this understated film leaves a lasting impression. the warmth it generates is in contrast to its austere backdrop. you will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.this is one of the finest movies i have ever seen....the stark scenery...the isolation...the ignorant bigoted people hiding behind their religion...a backdrop for some wordliness and sophistication...the acting is completely natural...but for me as a"foodie' the best is the actual choosing and preparation of the feast..i have spent time in paris and know the cuisine well...whether or not the cafe anglais really exists i don't know but i do know of similar establishments and babette's menu and choice of wines are authentic...and of course the end where despite themselves the perfect meal mellows them back to friendship is the only ending there could be..this is a 10 out of 10 film and should be seen by anyone with enough brain and taste to understand itsometimes it is difficult to watch films with subtitles (in this case danish) but the watching is worth it. as the story progresses, the reasoning for the choice of two sisters, to take care of their father, is questionable but their society is different. their choice leaves them alone until a french woman comes. there may be a question on why the french woman came to their place to stay and this is never fully developed. the feast which happens later as a result of unexpected funds from france is a source of unusual pleasure to all who attend and something they have not experienced before. it provides a fitting thank you for the kindnesses given to the guest. filmed with a dark aura and the display of poverty, it is a beautiful experience for the viewer.this movie embodies the soul of modern "elite" foodculture, even though the movie is 17 years old. the standing principle in the movie is: food is more than just nourishing matter. it is also a powerful symbol and a medium for culture itself. the main characters literally get drunk on the finest wine and food, become inspired by idealistic thoughts and culture, as they let go of their puritanism and passion-denying table manners. karen blixens shortstory makes use of the difference between north europe and south europe, to point out their inherently different approaches to food. as the strict and and rather dull scandinavians get infused with "eros" from south, the party gets going. so what are you waiting for? go watch it.....again!this is one of those movies which get better with each viewing. i watched it three times and actually registered on imdb because i wanted to comment on it. movies "about food" have been done before, some of them are really good - as, for instance, a certain japanese comedy which aficionados of asian cinema will know anyway. but this one really is in its own league. at its core is a protestant christian parable symbolizing the ideal of kindness but, far from being dogmatic, it also addresses the "good" in each and every of us, regardless of our religious beliefs or lack thereof. there is a pervading understatement and refinement in babette's feast but this makes the message of the movie, if anything, stronger, not at all weaker. if you cannot attend the extraordinary physical banquet offered by babette, you're still welcome to this feast of the soul. highly recommended!!it has started quietly. if your are looking for an action-packed movie this is absolutely not the right choice. all characters are slowly depicted on the scene. stroke after stroke on the scene canvas. none can take away his hands to the priest and so the sisters lifespan devotion can only remain into the village. philippa and martina know their destiny, belong only to the village. so when you understand that, you are on the movie scene, in the village that becomes the whole known world in that time. when, no technology can let you imagine anything else than the campaign, the village, the sea. you feel the rhythm of that ancient village's life. watching the movie in a cold snowy late afternoon can cause you to approach this evening dinner with some sumptuous expectations ...<br /><br />the final sentence that give a title to babette's sacrifice far from paris: an artist is never poor.<br /><br />superb photography. many situations depict portraits and landscapes as they were styled on canvas there, in jutland, in 18th century.i just watched this film this morning and i found it to be a great showing of the richness of faith. babette gave them another way to look at life; not a replacement, but an enhancement. she shared all that she had with those who gave what little they had to her. i see the story of god in here. he sent his only son to man. man could not possibly give anything that would equal that. so, for our small sacrifice, we are given an ultimate treasure and are transformed because of it. in this film the bickering townspeople have so consumed themselves with a small interpretation of god. babette showed them that life and god can indeed be beautiful in it's fullest sense. the love that god's son showed to man is the love we should show to one another and our lives will be the richer for it. even the film is a metaphor. it seems slow in the beginning, but the investment of time and attention to detail is rewarded in the end. it was truly a feast.i don't know whether this film hits my heart the way it does because of the feelings of friendship, love, closeness to others or the warmth of that transformation babette's cooking creates, but when the feast starts and for the rest of the movie, i choke up often. <br /><br />yes, this is a feel-good movie, but without a speck of mawkishness or facile sentimentality. please note that elements of the plot are discussed. babette's feast tells its story with restraint and care, and it lets us discover for ourselves the values of grace and love. all we need to know is that babette harsant (stephane audran) was a french refugee who was given shelter by two aging sisters in a tiny community on the coast of jutland. the sisters lead what remains of their father's flock. he was a pastor of conviction who taught that salvation comes through self-denial. the sisters made their sacrifices to duty and faith. those who still remain honor the now long dead pastor's teachings and his spiritual guidance. still, as they have grown older the tiny community has become querulous and argumentative. the sisters do what they can. for the pastor's 100th birthday, babette wishes to cook the dinner for the small group the sisters will invite. the sisters reluctantly agree, but when they see the supplies babette has ordered, they and their guests become uneasy. they are used to the community's usual fare of dried cod, boiled, and a soup made of bread, water and a little ale. even though babette over time has made improvements, what they are seeing now seems close to godlessness. at the dinner also will be a visitor, general lorens lowenhielm, who years earlier had chosen ambition over his love for one of the sisters. <br /><br />what do we experience? there is the austerity of the aging community's faith and the stone, wind-swept cottages they live in. there is the warmth by candlelight of the sisters' small, crowded dining room. and then there is the transforming power of babette's artistry as we watch her cook, watch erik, a young boy helping her, serve and pour, and watch the old parishioners, with the help of fine wine and exquisite cooking, gradually rediscover their community and love and friendship. the general serves as our unexpected guide because he is the only one who knows what extraordinary dishes they are eating. the general tells a story to his uncomprehending dinner companions, a story about a famed woman who was the exemplary chef at the famed cafã© anglais in paris. "...this woman, this head chef, had the ability to transform a dinner into a kind of love affair...a love affair that made no distinction between bodily appetite and spiritual appetite." he, too, is being transformed into a man who will accept what he has become and yet will always know the value and the love of what long ago he chose not to accept. an old couple kiss. two old men remember past friendships. and babette, who spent all that she had won in a lottery on this dinner, has had an opportunity to be the artist she once was in france, an opportunity she accepted with love and friendship. <br /><br />babette, now as poor as she was when she arrived penniless years earlier, will continue with the sisters. the general in a carriage with his aunt returns to her estate. and the elderly guests leave the sisters' home to return to their own cottages. they pause and look at the clear night sky and the stars overhead. they spontaneously hold hands in a circle and dance and sing this hymn... <br /><br />"the clock strikes and time goes by eternity is nigh. let us use this time to try to serve the lord with heart and mind. so that our true home we shall find. so that our true home we shall find." <br /><br />they smile at each other. all has been reconciled. <br /><br />babette's feast is a wonderful movie, full of restrained emotion, unspoken understandings, wisdom...and, of course, a meal that will leave you with a growling stomach as you exit the theater. if you win a lottery so you could afford what babette created and have her skill and artistry, here's what she served: <br /><br />potage a la tortue (a rich turtle soup), served with amontillado sherry blinis demidoff au caviar (small buckwheat pancakes with sour cream and caviar), served with veuve clicquot champagne cailles en sarcophage with sauce perigourdine (boned quail stuffed with foie gras and truffle in puff pastry with truffle sauce enriched with madeira), served with clos de vougeot, a fine burgundy salade cheese and fresh fruit baba au rhum with glacee fruit and fresh figs coffee and a fine brandyfood always makes a good topic in movies, as "chocolat" showed. "babette's feast" is the same type of thing. babette harsant (stephane audran) is a french cook who flees her native land after the repression of 1871. she moves to a very religious danish village. the people in this village simply have no use for joy. that is, until babette cooks them one of her exquisite meals.<br /><br />it's not just that this movie deals with bringing fun to a place that has never known it. like other scandinavian movies (and non-hollywood movies in general), it shows that a movie can hold your interest without the use of explosions, car chases, etc. this is one movie that you can't afford to miss.<br /><br />one more thing. do you think that the danish word for "feast" sounds a little bit like "tastebud"?i've discovered this movie accidentally and it was really a nice surprise. a christmas classic,it's also one of the fine comedies of the 40s. the story line is simple : elisabeth lane (barbara stanwyck) makes out her living by writing culinary columns for a magazine. at christmas time, her boss, alexander yardley (sydney greenstreet) asks her to invite a young weakened sailor in the connecticut farm she write about. the only problem is : she hasn't got any farm and she can't cook. to get out of the jam, elisabeth agrees to marry a wealthy friend (reginald gardiner,who has a farm) and flies for connecticut with her wonderful cook uncle felix. <br /><br />there's a fine direction by peter godfrey and the cast is really wonderful : stanwyck has never been better as this witty and yet romantic woman. greenstreet, gardiner and sakall make hilarious and human supporting characters. the only weak point is the leading man, dennis morgan. he starts well but as the movie goes on, becomes really a bore. one almost feels sorry for elisabeht lane to ends up with him rather than with gary cooper or david niven who both would have been more suitable for the part. anyway, this is a joyful christmas time movie with a refreshing score and i advice it to everyone who likes to spend funny and sweet holidays...in connecticut.in all this dogma fuzz, please note that this is the danish masterpiece of the 20th century. the humour, the fate, the sorrow is so clean - so simple - so touching.<br /><br />this movie is a masterpiece. go see it. there's nothing more to say.the french babbette appears at the modest house of two danish sisters wet, cold, and alone. fleeing revolution in paris, she seeks refuge in an obscure religious community on the windswept jutland coast.<br /><br />unbeknownst to those who so generously take her in, she is a great chef, an artist of food. babette gives herself to her adopted community through thrift, productivity, and shared faith. she leaves only when she wins the french lottery--10,000 francs. she returns laden with exotic cargo, the makings of a single meal commemorating the birthday of the sister's father, the community's founder.<br /><br />this meal looms darkly in the minds of the pleasure-denying faithful but its subtleties are translated by an aging military officer who, as a young man in paris, learned to appreciate the sensory experience unfolding here. the meal is the film's climax, a communion of love in the transitory artistry of food--unaffectedly uplifting about art, love, and the meaning of life.yes, you can look at babette's feast as some sort of slap at puritanical christianity, but it is much more than that. the surface story of how a gifted parisian cook flees paris after one of its revolutions by the middle classes and finds herself cast ashore in jutland in the north of denmark is simply the grease that allows the deeper tale to develop.<br /><br />babette is an artist, one of the small army of people who are driven from pillar to post over the centuries by fatuous politicians, vane, greedy and arrogant, who kill beauty for profit, something that politics always does, pace national endowment for the arts, which simply institutionalizes creativity for propaganda purposes.<br /><br />babette is on her last legs as she arrives in the tiny village where two virginal sisters reside seeing over their diminishing flock of devotees to their late pastor father. they live on salt cod and black bread gruel. <br /><br />babette shows these simple pious people that god is in pleasure and sensuality as well as behavioral and mental purity. she also shows them how that mental purity can lead to control freakishness, something we all know about in these days of the neo-authoritarians in government who would limit our personal freedoms because they are somehow a crime against the state, or as they would tell us, humanity.<br /><br />babette cooks up a bang-up french dinner to celebrate the 100th birthday of the late reverend. the daughters and their flock think it is the devil come amongst them and vow not to notice the food or drink. <br /><br />it is at this point, in the preparing of the meal, payed for by babette's winnings in a french lottery, that i begin to tear-up. it is a poignance brought about in comparison to the daily vulgarity and mendacity that floods our consciousness from morning to night via the media and power-mongers manoeuvring to gain advantage over all of us out here in the dark.<br /><br />the simple sophistication of babette's art spits in the face of all the pretentiousness on display in our modern society, and it hurts to watch it played out so exquisitely in this splendid film.<br /><br />it is, along with fanny och alexander (bergman), my favorite film ever, yet i can only watch it once in awhile because, like a rare bottle of wine served with blinis and fresh oysters, it is something that must not be over-done. <br /><br />a great, great film that should be in every movie-lover's library.i can think of no movie that better captures the concept of grace, in a theological sense. the well-intentioned religiosity of a small congregation, gone awry after the death of their leader, robs from them the very thing they preach: grace. the costly gift of a humbled parisian culinary genius returns them to their calling to love one another, and humbles an aging general concerned that he's wasted his life. choices is a central theme, as well as grace. at the same time, artistic gifting is recognized as having a powerful, transcendent role to play in everyday life, and the life to come. impossible to improve or ignore. this is a life-changing film for those who hear its message.a gentle story, hinting at fury, with a redemptive message and glorious celebration. the photography is wondrously well executed. cinematographers look at this kind of film to hone their craft not just for what the eye can do to enhance a story, but what the right camera vocabulary can do to heighten an emotion. feeding the soul is by definition what this movie addresses, but with an elegance and grace of delivery that simply doesn't not happen much anymore, at least with this degree of taste, restraint and finesse. if you care about story and character development, this is a also a great movie to see as an example of what simple lines and the right delivery can do to completely fill out a character's impression. match all this with a film score that is almost minimalist in character and also perfectly conceived, and you'll "get" this movie.some have commented on the subtitles not being a problem in this film - i beg to differ - the nuisances in the facial expressions and subtle interactions between the characters is such that you can not afford to take your eyes away for even a fraction of a second. i tried to watch, on the dvd, in english to overcome this problem (don't make this mistake the result is a travesty). the only way to get the full benefit is to watch it two or three times in quick succession so you know it and then ignore the subtitles. an acting master class - not in the dialogue but body language.<br /><br />it is the little things - the postmaster/shop keeper puffs out his chest and goes in to get his cap before delivering a letter from !france!. the general's bemused expression as his delight in a bunch of perfect grapes elicits a biblical reference with a profundity worthy of 'being there'.<br /><br />the cinematography is awesome and the bleak minimalist village with its washed out colour just accentuates the sumptuousness of the feast when it comes. i have a friend who claims to be descended from the borgias and who's family motto is 'if it is worth doing, it is worth doing to excess' - amen.<br /><br />i laugh out loud and cry each time i watch this filmthis film says everything there is to say about religion - i wish it were required viewing for all bigots and would-be clericals.<br /><br />the story, set in a turn-of-the-century danish villages is about two very religious sisters whose late father was a rigid priest who discouraged all their dreams of love and exploring the world and its many beauty. they are now old and their life and beauty spent. their quiet new help - whom they "teach" to cook - is babette (played by the lovely stephane audran who graced so many of her husband claude chabrol's films). the life in the village is simple and the stark direction reflects that.<br /><br />when babette wins the lottery, she requests a chance to prepare a feast - a true labour of love. the course of the feast and its chief guest reveal messages of love and spirituality and how there are many ways to love god and life.<br /><br />this is a must-see for the devotion with which babette prepares the feast and for the speech the general gives at the end. possibly the best international film of the 1980's.this movie is almost unknown, but it is very good. in a lonely danish town, two old sisters live remembering a far youths, when, due to a strict puritan education, they had to reject happiness. lonely, then, the live in a dignified austerity, until babette, who flies from paris, frightened by the horror of the war, arrives. in few time, she will be able to turn the goodness and love she received when she arrived. a good lottery prize lets her organize a great banquet, following the best rules of french gastronomy. all neighbourhoods are invited (all fanatically puritans). they accept, but they pact to not show any trace of pleasure or enjoyment, as it would be a sin. however, the seductive force of the delicious meal they eat, that they become seduced by the sensuality of french gastronomy. the banquet end in a very felt, though quietly, happiness. the love between humans has awaken. the miracle of rise the human kindness due to the pleasure of the sense has begun. the movie is surprisingly good, but it is not for all tastes. during most of the movie, nothing happens, all is so quiet and so peaceful, that during many minutes, you can only see the life of the inhabitants of the town. but, as the movie develops, it becomes more precious, when babette wins the lottery prize (after 30min movie), the show begins. the author is able, with a perfect directing, to show us how babette prepares the banquet, how she mixes all the ingredients with the most wonderful one (love), all told in a quiet delicious way, with a perfect knowledge of photography and acting. then, as the banquet goes by, the quality in showing us how the mood of all eaters changes due to the meal, only with first shots, with impressively filmed scenes one after another is simply astonishing. in addition, the tact with the colours and the photography is also superb, almost every scene of the movie is like a picture, so work is involved there. if you are able to admire good cinema and are able to realize that sometimes the way on telling you something rather than what is told is more important, this is your movie. if you happen to like good meals and just love the good gastronomy, probably, you'll feel amused, as most feelings of the movie will be familiar to you. an oscar totally deserved. the only problem is its slowness at setting up the story, but, i can forgive it (i hope everyone too)if not the best movie ever made, "babette's feast" is certainly among the most loving. this is a wonderful exploration of the meaning of artistry, generosity, loyalty, and grace. humor is mixed with tender longing; characters are treated with searching honesty but also deep respect. there are meditations here on memory, fate, old age and faithfulness. marvellous camera work by cinematographer henning kristiansen: seldom have wrinkled faces looked so luminous in the candle-light. the meal is accompanied by delicious period music, brahms, mozart and simple folk hymns. enjoy this feast for the eyes and the spirit, for as the general says: "mercy and truth have met together, and righteousness and bliss shall kiss one another.""babette's feast" and "the horse's mouth" are the two most insightful, accurate films on what it is to be a real artist. the key lines in "babette's feast" are not, as some other commentators here have said, "an artist is never poor," but two lines that come before and after it:<br /><br />"i was able to make them happy when i gave of my very best. ... throughout the world sounds one long cry from the heart of the artist: give me the chance to do my very best." <br /><br />i spent nine years producing experimental multi-media music theater in san francisco, raising money for productions that involved dozens of singers, actors, designers, etc., and the artists i supported stretched every penny in their effort to do their very best. they were just like babette: they were desperate to get every dollar necessary to do their very best work. babette's art is fine french cooking, and for her to perform her art at its very best costs 10,000 francs. when, after years in political exile from france, isolated with two caring spinsters on a bleak scandinavian coast, she suddenly gets a windfall of 10,000 francs, she does what every real artist would do: she sees that she unexpectedly has the chance to do her very best, and so she does it. she spends all the money so that she can do her very best work as an artist. the twist in the movie is that we don't know she is such an artist, until she is actually cooking and serving the meal. up until then, she appears to be just a working-class french lady who haggles a bit with the tradesmen, and is very serious (her husband and son were murdered in paris violence in 1871). <br /><br />to such an artist, it is secondary whether there is an audience for the art that is competent to appreciate it. that is why the author set this dinner in a community of people who could not possibly have any understanding of what they are receiving. babette did not cook this meal as a gift to the two spinsters, or to the religious community. it was not her goal to achieve a reconciliation or spirit of good feelings among the members of the little religious sect. indeed, she never once leaves the kitchen to speak to any of them. after the meal, she is sitting alone, sipping some wine, not paying the slightest attention to how the guests reacted. she is basking in the satisfaction of finally having the chance to have done her best as an artist. <br /><br />that is why it is so satisfying, and so important to the story, that the general unexpectedly shows up -- for, as babette knows instantly, a general will know what she has placed before him, and will appreciate it. for there is a sort of tragedy in a great work of art being shown to an audience that lacks even one person competent to appreciate it. she is glad, very glad, he came, in fact he is the only guest she ever mentions during the entire dinner, the only one she singles out for special treatment -- not either of the spinsters. but she did not plan the meal knowing that such a person would come to receive it. <br /><br />to anyone who has had the chance to enjoy a real first-class parisian dinner, as i have (my father was naval attache to paris in the 1980s, and i had my honeymoon in france), this dinner, and babette's satisfaction in making it, and the pleasure it brings to the diners, is absolutely convincing. if any art has the power to suffuse the recipient with a sense of joy, it is a fine french meal cooked and served in france. this movie makes a claim about the transformative effects of great art on the recipients. before the dinner, the members of the little religious sect are quarrelsome, dredging up old resentments. the old hymns fail to restore good fellowship; people ignore them, talk over them. but the shared experience of sensual great art -- for the people can enjoy the tastes of the foods and wines even if they have no conception that they are experiencing great art -- contents the people, puts them in a forgiving mood, reconciles them, and by making them happy, encourages them to love each other, and thus has a god-like sacred effect of bringing peace. this is the claim found in the modern art movement today -- that art can supplant the traditional religions in making mankind more peaceful. thus, contrary to those commentators here who say that this film speaks for the power of christian belief, it is more accurate to say that the film claims that art can heal wounds that christian ritual cannot. after all my years in the art world, i have to say that this claim -- that art brings peace that religion cannot -- is overblown and invalid. but it is a pretty conceit and it is the second main theme of this beautiful film.<br /><br />one last note: at babette's arrival at the spinsters' home, a particular french general, galliffet, is named as the person who in 1871 executed babette's husband and son, and imposed a military rule that she had to flee. at the end of the film, as the general tells the story of the magnificent meal he enjoyed in paris many years before (before 1871), at the conclusion of some military maneuvers, it turns out that this same galliffet was his host at the meal. as the general tells the story, french general galliffet praised the chef of that meal as the greatest woman, the only woman he would risk his life for. of course, that woman was babette. thus, ironically, the same french general who said he honored babette above all other women was responsible for driving her away from france forever.a magazine columnist who writes about life on her farm house when in fact she lives in a ny apartment must come up with a plan when she learns that her publisher and a war hero will spend christmas with her. after a slow start, it turns into an entertaining little screwball comedy, thanks to a fine cast. in a big departure from her previous role as a femme fatale in "double indemnity," stanwyck displays a nice comedic flair. morgan is smooth as the affable war hero while greenstreet is well cast as the publisher. however, sakall steals the film as a chef trying to master the english language while speaking with an almost incomprehensible european accent.if you find the first 30 minutes of this film to be so slow that you wonder why you're watching it, don't give up. also, hearing the danish language is a bit new to most north americans, who don't see and hear a lot of danish films. anyway, as the film progressed it got better and better and the viewer is rewarded for his/her patience.<br /><br />being a fan of the movie, "out of africa," this film piqued my interest because it's based on a short novel by isak dinesen (karen blixen), the major character in that film.<br /><br />the meal - babette's feast - was amazing. i'm no chef, but i was impressed! how one interprets the story, too, varies, i suppose depending on how much you read into this, and where you stand religion-wise. if the latter, how you look at the definition of "legalism" can affect how you interpret this story.<br /><br />in any case, it's a fine film, but don't watch this if you're dieting.this movie came aside as a shock in the eighties.far from trends,that is to say in the heart of sincere creativity,babettes gaestebud stands as one of the finest movies of its time.stephane audran,the wonderful actress of her ex-husband claude chabrol's greatest achievements (le boucher,la rupture,les noces rouges,all unqualified musts for movie buffs)gave a lifetime performance.to see her prepare with love and affection her meal is a feast for the eyes.all the people who saw this masterpiece actually tasted,ate babette's culinary triumph. but the most moving part of the story is its conclusion:babette was a great french chef,she was famous,now she found a new homeland but her heyday is behind her and she won't never be allowed to come back to her dear france.so the two old sisters do comfort her:in heaven,there will be huge kitchens where she cooks for eternity.while sharing her fortune with her new friends,babette changed their life,she gave them pleasure and a magic evening they would remember forever.in this simple but extraordinary screenplay,human warmth is everywhere,and i wish everybody a babette's feast,would it be only for one starry night...the dead spots and picture-postcard superficiality of "out of africa" just about buried any interest i might have had to read isak dinesen. so when my brother bought me "babette's feast," and knowing it was based on a dinesen story, i didn't exactly race to the vcr. but as the titles rolled, it became clear that this was no ordinary movie. jutland (where it's set) is not africa; the chill mist that collects on the camera shots is not inviting. the cold, forbidding sea; the heavy, gray clouds; the pale, icy green cliffs--translate to hardships that show on the faces over which director gabriel axel draws the curtain. the craggiest is bodil kjer's as philippa; amid the myriad merits of this movie, the most memorable is that face. it stands like a map laying before us the cherished wonder of her minister father's apostolate; like a maze of long-overlooked fjords where the complications of her congregation's perseverance and commitment hang like gleaming escutcheons.<br /><br />i gather it's dinesen's point how the world is drawn inexplicably to christian dedication, when philippa is rejected by her only serious suitor (because he fears he'll never measure up to the rules and rigors of her small religious clique), and he returns to find her mistress of whom he regards as the greatest chef on the continent. i figure it's also her point that christ answers the doubts and regrets of those who give up worldly success (philippa's sister martina rebuffs efforts by a visiting baritone (jean-philippe lafont whose jolliness creates an uplifting counterpoint to the sparsity of spirit that surrounds his discovery) to turn her into an opera star; the title character leaves france and an enviable reputation and seeks sanctuary as the servant of two spinster sisters) to pursue artistic triumphs for only god and those closest to him to witness. but it's axel who weaves the asperity of these people's lives with the richness of martina's voice and babette hersant's table and effects a sumptuousness you'd never expect from a movie about sacrifice, faith, and religious conviction.<br /><br />what sets this movie apart from other religious movies is its sly humor. "babette's feast," that is, the banquet itself--a posthumous commemoration of the minister's 100th birthday--is a beautifully orchestrated clash of sensibilities that delivers comic moments by an ensemble of actors that are unparalleled in their subtlety. it's just this deft comedy that enriches the solemn sentiments at closing. together they do something pious movies seldom do. they leave a believer tremulously hopeful and unexpectedly resolute and humbled.stephane audran is the eponymous heroine of this beautifully measured study of a small danish community towards the end of the last century. two beautiful and musically talented sisters give-up their own prospects of happiness and marriage in order to look-after their ageing father. one day, a french woman, babette, comes to work for them. after some years she wins the lottery and is determined to do something for the sisters who have taken her in. her solution is to prepare an exquisite and sumptuous feast, which changes the lives of all those invited. this is a film about human and cultural interaction, reflected in the changing language of the dialogue from danish to french, and especially between the dutiful sobriety of protestant northern europe and the sensuousness of the catholic south. it is also about human needs, and how warmth and kindness can be expressed and stimulated through the cultivation of the senses. a profoundly uplifting film.sublime--perfect--profound--a true lesson on the idealized meaning of life. we get completely caught up in the life journeys of martina and phillipa and<br /><br />babette. their yearnings, desires, sacrifices resonant long after the movie has ended. seeing it years ago--as it was gaining a great deal of notoriety at the audaciousness of its subject matter--half the movie being a single dinner--the audience was "oohing and aahing" as some of the courses took their final<br /><br />glorious shape, laughing at the reaction of the diners, as they became totally seduced by the gustatorial pleasures being introduced to them by babette, and being totally surprised at the turn of events at the end of the film. subsequently seeing the film years later after my own twists and turns of life, i realized just how profound the film is. on this viewing tears flowed freely. the film's<br /><br />meditation on the passage of time and the way it uses a seemingly simple story to comment on life and love and art and generosity is truly something to<br /><br />cherish.flawlessly directed, written, performed, and filmed, this quiet and unpretentious danish film is an example of cinema at its best, and if a person exists who can watch babette's feast without being touched at a very fundamental level, they are a person i do not care to know.<br /><br />the story is quite simple. in the 1800s, two elderly maiden ladies (birgitte federspiel and bodil kjer) reside in remote jutland, where they have sacrificed their lives, romantic possibilities, and personal happiness in order to continue their long-dead father's religious ministry to the small flock he served. one of the women's youthful admirers sends to them a frenchwoman, babette (stã©phane audran), whose husband and son have been killed in france and who has fled her homeland lest she meet the same fate. although they do not really require her services, the sisters engage her as maid and cook--and as the years pass her cleverness and tireless efforts on their behalf enables the aging congregation to remain together and the sisters to live in more comfort than they had imagined; indeed, the entire village admires and depends upon her.<br /><br />one day, however, babette receives a letter: she has won a lottery and is now, by village standards, a wealthy woman. knowing that her new wealth will mean her return to france, the sisters grant her wish that she be allowed to prepare a truly french meal for them and the members of their tiny congregation. the meal and the evening it is served is indeed a night to remember--but not for reasons that might be expected, for babette's feast proves to be food for both body and soul, and is ultimately her gift of love to the women who took her in and the villagers who have been so kind to her.<br /><br />the film is extraordinary in every way, meticulous in detail yet not overpowering in its presentation of them. as the film progresses, we come to love the characters in both their simple devotion to god and their all-too-human frailties, and the scenes in which babette prepares her feast and in which the meal is consumed are powerful, beautiful, and incredibly memorable. there have been several films that have used food as a metaphor for love, but none approach the simple artistry and beauty of babette's feast, which reminds us of all the good things about humanity and which proves food for both body and soul. highly, highly recommended.<br /><br />gary f. taylor, aka gft, amazon reviewerbabette's feast, for me, is about healing: mending the schism between spirit and body in orthodox christianity. this puritanical community in remote denmark is missing an adequate appreciation of all of god's gifts in creation. they have taken the dualism of st. paul to an extreme, and stress the life of the "spirit," not the life of the "flesh." both elderly sisters, in their youth, were frightened by the lure of love and the temptations of life outside their simple village. they, and their parishioners, cling to the narrow biblical interpretation of their former leader, and the sisters' father. the aging congregation has become testy and quarrelsome, and the sisters don't know what to do. enter babette, a french stranger, and someone to whom they can show kindness. they have no way of knowing that she will ultimately return their kindness and give fertile soil to their dry, dusty theology. babette will give everything she has, and in the process, will teach the sisters and their flock about grace, about sacrifice, about how sensual experience (as in the bread and wine of the eucharist) can change lives, and about why true art moves us so deeply. when they can forgive each other, and themselves, they can focus on god's love that unfolds before them in a concrete way in the present. as a minister, and an artist, i can't recommend a movie more highly. true art and true grace!!price of honor aka price of power is an ambitious western melodrama, light on the action, which seeks to tell an old west version of the jfk assassination. in 1881, the president travels to dallas and is shot from a window while parading thru town in his carriage. corrupt officials have carried out the murder and have a humble slave take the rap. our hero, the earnest but bland giuliano gemma, aims to unravel the conspiracy. an engaging story, audacious for its subject matter, but entertaining despite the paucity of shoot-em-up action. the film is a 7 out of 10, despite the poor presentation of the dvd, which is overly dark with poor sound. look for a good copy.i was unfamiliar with this film, until i saw it included in a list of the top 20 spaghetti westerns i recently came across (following the marathon i made these last few weeks of films from the subgenre); it was auspicious, then, that the film had to turn up almost immediately on late-night italian tv (for the first time, i'm pretty sure, in a good number of years)! <br /><br />unfortunately, the cable reception of the channel on which it was broadcast hasn't been great lately: i recorded the film on vhs but i decided not to keep it due to this factor; as it happened, the very next day i watched the film, i found out that it was available on a region 2 dvd from italy (featuring an interview with uncredited scriptwriter ernesto gastaldi) - and, having been sufficiently impressed, i decided to order it there and then, even if i knew that i wouldn't be getting to the dvd for quite a while as i like to allow some time between one viewing of a film and the next! a brief parenthesis here: when i recently purchased a spate of spaghetti westerns on italian dvd, i opted not to order sergio sollima's face to face (1967), since i was under the impression that it was a bare-bones affair; however, i've just learned that the disc actually contains an interview with the director (as had been the case with the big gundown [1966], which i bought). it did seem baffling to me that sollima wouldn't offer similar contribution to that film's dvd edition when he actually considered face to face as his favorite work (as per the director's talent bio included on the blue underground region 1 disc of yet another sollima spaghetti western - run, man, run [1968]); the trouble is that i loved the big gundown so much that i followed it with a viewing of face to face via the recording i owned made off italian tv! i did order the dvd of that film now - especially since it's still discounted - but as i said with respect to a second look at the price of power (although i may still check out sollima's interview when the disc arrives)... <br /><br />o.k., rant over: the film under review is quite an unusual spaghetti western and a very interesting, indeed ambitious one at that, being a transposition of the jfk assassination case to an old west setting! actually, it's reminiscent of anthony mann's terse black-and-white thriller the tall target (1951) - which dealt with an assassination attempt on the life of then-u.s. president abraham lincoln. it features one of the most popular italian stars from this subgenre, giuliano gemma, in what is perhaps his most impressive western role (many of his other films tended to have a light-hearted bent). the supporting cast includes at least two other notables: van johnson (in one of his few and mainly unremarkable italian films) as the american president killed in post-civil war dallas and fernando rey as the head of a conspiracy of southerners - who not only plots his assassination but also conveniently maneuvers the new acting u.s. leader, johnson's vice-president, by means of blackmail! <br /><br />benito stefanelli also makes a good impression as a corrupt sheriff who pursues gemma all through the picture, and with whom he's engaged a couple of times in a 'duel in the dark' - with the guns resting on the floor rather than in their respective holsters and the only light in the room provided by the end of the cowboys' cigars! also involved is ray saunders as gemma's black sidekick whom the narrative eventually turns into the doomed "lee harvey oswald" figure. stelvio massi - who later cut his teeth, as director, on a number of poliziotteschi - is behind the film's luminous cinematography; similarly, luis enrique bacalov supplies yet another great "euro-cult" score - which is different enough from the style of ennio morricone as to be equally distinguishable. valerii's direction here may mot be as imposing as that in other spaghetti westerns but he handles the proceedings efficiently enough (the final gunfight is especially nicely done); the film is certainly one of the more underrated entries in the subgenre and, for those so inclined, the novelty of the plot line alone should make it one to look out for...tonino valerii's "il prezzo del potere" aka. "the price of power" is an excellent and enthralling spaghetti western that mirrors the kennedy assassination. a great leading performance by giuliano gemma and an excellent score by luis bacalof are just two of the many reasons to watch this movie.<br /><br />in 1881 texas is divided into those who appreciate the abolition of slavery and just want to live in peace, and those who, after 16 years, still want to reinstall the confederacy. in spite of warnings, president james garfield, who wants to establish a new policy of equality, decides to visit dallas, where corrupt law enforcement officials are planning his assassination. bill willer (giuliano gemma) and two of his friends, a black man named jack donovan (ray shaunders), and a crippled guy named nick (manuel zarzo) are determined to prevent the president's murder. <br /><br />since james garfield was not assassinated by racists, who wanted to reinstall the confederacy in texas, but in washington dc by mentally unstable charles guiteau, the storyline of "price of power" is, of course, historical nonsense. since the movie, however, doesn't claim historical accuracy, but tries to allude to the 1963 kennedy assassination in dallas, the fact that the story is fictitious is legitimate. <br /><br />giuliano gemma delivers an excellent performance as the main character bill willer, benito stefanelli is great as the villainous and corrupt sheriff jefferson. some other good performances are those of ray shaunders as bill's black friend jack, warren vanders as arthur mcdonald, the president's adviser, and fernando rey as pinkerton, a villainous rich businessman. the score by luis enrã­quez bacalov is great, the cinematography and locations are great and (such as in valerii's earlier "day of anger") remind a lot of sergio leone, for whom valerii used to work as an assistant director for "a fistful of dollars" and "for a few dollars more". <br /><br />all said, "il prezzo del potere" is, after "day of anger", another excellent spaghetti western that shows both the great talent of giuliano gemma as an actor and tonino valerii as a director. "the price of power" is a must-see for spaghetti western fans, and i also highly recommend it to everybody else. 8/10this film reminds me very much of the later rock hudson film man's favorite sport--about a fishing writer who has never fished and is forced into entering a fishing tournament. in this case, barbara stanwyck is a martha stewart-like writer who can't cook and doesn't really have the perfect family she describes in her articles--in fact, she has no family at all. well, like rock, she is maneuvered into performing--in this case, creating a huge holiday dinner while vacationing in the countryside. since there is no family, she takes home a veteran and a few friends and tried desperately not to "let the cat out of the bag" that she can't do any of the things she is known for doing. a cute little comedy and a welcome film to the annual holiday film lineup.this is a gripping story that borrows elements from the kennedy assassination, and uses them successfully to create an excellent western tale.<br /><br />the movie has a good music score, though it relies on repeating the title theme a little too much. giuliano gemma and the rest of the cast are superb. this is a more cerebral than usual spaghetti western that relies more on story than action, and it succeeds because the story is excellent. this is not to say that there is no action in the movie. there is plenty, and it is very well crafted. this movie pulls you in right away, and keeps you absorbed til the end. you'll always be wondering what's in those documents everyone's after. it also has some biting commentary on american politics.<br /><br />this movie shows why valerii, in my opinion, is in a three way tie with sollima and corbucci for second place in the rankings of spaghetti western directors.in post civil war america the president, (van johnson), travels to dallas and is assassinated by corrupt officials and businessman interested in installing the vice president whom they can blackmail due to incriminating documents. a gunman (guiliano gemma) convinced that his black friend is wrongly accused of the assassination aims to uncover the truth. tonino valeri directed this fascinating, if flawed film which obviously is an allegory for the kennedy assassination. the film may wrongly present blacks as slaves working on plantations in texas but the film is nonetheless enjoyable and presents an interesting interpretation - that kennedy's death was the result of a coup de tat- which many americans could not accept at the time. oswald's murder is replayed here as the black accused of the assassination is murdered by the men responsible, on route to fort worth prison. this moment in the film is more melodramatic than oswald's death with his various escorts shot down before his over the top death scene. nonetheless this is definitely one of the more interesting and worthwhile spaghetti westerns. worth a look!out of the 600 or so spaghetti westerns made this has got to be in the top twenty somewhere. can not believe this hasn't received any reviews! gemma is excellent in this. van johnson is good too though his dubbed voice is a little off killter but that's the charm of the italian style. beautiful photography and some excellently staged action. all the supporting characters are well played. the severity of the racist streak in the bad guys is pretty tough even by todays standards which creates an emotional depth to gemmas character in some of the situations that take place. absolutely fantastic score by luis bacalov. see this is in the wonderful wide screen dvd from japan. a spaghetti must have.i first saw this film on hbo around 1983 and i loved it! i scoured all of the auction web sites to buy the vhs copy. this is a very good suspense movie with a few twists that make it more interesting. i don't want to say too much else because if you ever get a chance to see it, you'll be glad i didn't say too much!i must admit, when i first began watching this film i had no clue what was going on. so the beginning was a bit confusing for me. however, that did not diminish my enjoyment of the movie. the characters reveal themselves to be more complex than they may first appear, and that is what makes this a memorable film. at first i heard this was a real "hollywood" movie. although it obviously lacks the stereotypical "guns and fists" element, the convincing performances of talented actors such as martin sheen and sam neill more than make up for it. i'd rather see a film with more substance than shooting any day.this was the film that first indicated to me what a great actor martin sheen really is. he modestly claims that charlie is a better actor, charlie can't hold a candle to him.<br /><br />i found it suspenseful and thoroughly enjoyed the intertwining of the love story with the main plot (and i usually hate love stories). there's a great plot twist at the end that struck me as being fully credible, particularly in the early 80's time period, and probably now also.<br /><br />the final scene had me on the edge of my seat. this film roundly illustrates that treachery is often doled out by those we trust, while declared enemies have more in common than they suspect, and finally, that human compassion can be found where we least expect it.<br /><br />ireneroseenigma is a computer part which scrambles russian messages, so that america can't understand them. they can only be read by the intended recipient. the americans know that the russians are going to transmit a message revealing the plans of five political assassinations they want to carry out.<br /><br />so they send in former defector holbeck (martin sheen) to grab the scrambler and substitute a false part, so they'll be able to decode the message, and block the assassination attempts.<br /><br />however, as we listen in on the americans heads of the spy organisation, we find that they already have the scrambler, and they want holbeck to try to steal enigma, only to convince the russians that they don't already have it. they don't expect holbeck to succeed. that way the russians, who had stopped transmitting with enigma, just in case, will begin transmitting again.<br /><br />enigma is in the computer in the office of dimitri vasilikov. somehow holbeck must gain access, and in order to do that, he must find out when vasilikov will be out. he sends in his former girlfriend karen (brigitte fossey) to seduce vasilikov, so that she can look through his papers and find out his scheduled movements. karen is glad to do it, as they tortured her father, a university professor, to death.<br /><br />because we know that it's better for the americans if holbeck fails, the movie becomes even more intense as a spy thriller. we find ourselves hoping he can survive against the odds, especially as he uses ingenious methods to beat the russians at every turn.<br /><br />but what's this? are karen and vasilikov falling in love? will holbeck win karen back, or will she actually end up with vasilikov? the romantic twist lifts this spy thriller, already worthy of a ten, even higher, for its originality. the writing, the direction, and the acting all combine to make this new and fascinating twist a compellingly realistic one.<br /><br />you find yourself at the edge of your seat, gripping your armchair, not only for the excitement of the spy story but for the intensely beautiful romantic love story as well. the two themes are interwoven perfectly, right up to the end. you really want both sides to win. so who does win, in the end? you'll have to see the movie and find out, won't you!i thought this to be a pretty good example of a better soft core erotica film. it has a reasonable plot about the madame of a bordello caught up in a police scheme to nab a wealthy crook.<br /><br />hardcore porn star chloe nichole again shows her genuine acting ability. she will occasionally appear in soft core such as "body of love" and "lady chatterly's stories. nicole hilbig, on the other hand, leaves something to be desired in her role as the female cop.i saw this movie awhile back and can't seem to track it down. does anyone know where i can get a hold of it? i feel it is worth seeing again.<br /><br />i'm sorry to say i had never heard of chloe nicholle until this film. yes she can act. when i first began to track this movie down i mistook it for another one of her movies, sex spa. the plot seems similar to me but the roles are reversed.<br /><br />this is the first film i've seen dru berrymore. i looked up some of her other films and i feel she looks better as a blonde. <br /><br />i agree this is a good introductory movie. not too soft. not too hard. you got to start somewhere.there's not much anyone can say about this flick....the plot is quite simple: two police officers (who also happen to be lovers) are using a brothel as a stakeout in order to catch a criminal, with the help of the "lady of the house", played by hardcore pornstar chloe. as anyone can guess, there's a few plot twists and some blurred alliances, but the writing was just horrible, even for a softcore movie.<br /><br />i've read some previous posts about nicole hilbig's accent (she plays the female cop). yes, it's hard to understand what she's saying at times, but i think i've placed it. i did some sniffing around....i think she's from germany, hence her odd-sounding accent. she makes an impression even without speaking, however...she's got a great looking body.<br /><br />there were a couple of "from behind" sex scenes in this movie that were quite graphic for a softcore film....excellent work there. the three-way scene toward the end wasn't bad either.<br /><br />*spoiler alert*<br /><br />i kinda knew the female cop was gonna turn into a part-time call girl at the end. she enjoyed her three-way way too much.<br /><br />*end spoiler*<br /><br />i'm not gonna nitpick about the story too much, seeing as this is a low-budget, direct-to-video softcore flick. however, it just seems like i've seen way too many movies in this genre with a similar type of storyline.<br /><br />women: b (chloe and hilbig were okay as the eye-candy) sex: b+ (scenes were kinda short, but good) story: c (a recycled plot, but whatever works, eh?) overall: b-add this little gem to your list of holiday regulars. it is<br /><br />sweet, funny, and endearing<br /><br />her excellency madam shabana azmi has worked in countless movies over life time. i think best is yet to come.<br /><br />fire is ok.<br /><br />but still good days are yet to come.<br /><br />hopefully, in water i will be able see her better.<br /><br />thanks and regards.<br /><br />ps: india doesn't have a director to make best use of her.thank you the filmzone for showing this sleazy soft core sex flick at 1 a.m. i truly enjoyed it. to be honest, i expected a lot more from a sexy cast with mckayla, dru berrymore, and of course, the talented chloe nicholle (as rebecca carter).<br /><br />the production values are truly bad mainly because of the low budget but a little more effort wouldn't harm. for example, the cinematography makes it look like a hard core porno movie. there's absolutely no effort in lightning. but let's ignore that fact because let's be honest, we watched "pleasures of sin" because of the high amounts of sex.<br /><br />the sex factor is pretty good and offers steamy, explicit scenes. chole nicholle delivers the best performance of the female cast.<br /><br />so my advice is , watch this movie if you are in the mood for good explicit sex or just watch it if you are a fan of mrs. nicholle.<br /><br />recommended only for the sex scenes; don't expect anything else.i've taken another look at this film and still consider it pretty good. chloe is one of the few hardcore stars who really can act. she appears occasionally in soft core such as "body of love" and "lady chatterly's stories" on showtime. i thought nicole hilbig did ok too with her nice body and charming accent. too bad she's not in more films.progeny is about a husband and wife who experience time loss while making love. completely unaware of what this bizarre experience means they try to go on with their lives. the hubby begins questioning the bizarre event and gets help through a very annoying psychiatrist. he comes to believe that aliens are responsible for this lapse in time and that the unborn baby he once thought was his and his wife's actually belongs to the aliens.<br /><br />if ya ask me, this is a great scifi/horror story. taking a highly questionable real-life scenario involving alien abduction and hybrid breeding is definite thumbs up from this guy. i love all things related to aliens and this story definitely delivered some good ideas. so if you also share an interest in things extraterrestrial, you should be pretty happy with progeny. at least story-wise anyways.<br /><br />unfortunately the movie overall is pretty average. with average acting by all actors. yep, even by the consistently awesome mr. dourif, who still does deliver the best performance. though the black head doctor, delivers his lines really well. there are a few points in the flick where some of the delivery is cringe or laugh worthy, which is fine in my book. i like them cheesy and this had a little bit of some nice stinky cheese, and i mean that in a good way.<br /><br />anyways, with a less than stellar script you can't really blame all the actors. i especially didn't care for the mother hysteria the film went for. she wanted a baby so badly that she'd neglect and dismiss everything her loving husband (who's a doctor!!) said to her. it almost reached a point where you actually didn't care what happened to her.<br /><br />the progeny is another flick by brian yuzna from the icky-sticky film, society. again he delivers some slimy effects, and again he delivers a pretty unique tale of horror. if you're into scifi/horror or are a fan of dourif and or yuzna films, there's no real reason not to check out this flick if you get the chance. a generous 7 outta 10.first, let me review the movie. this movie creeps me out, and i don't even believe in aliens! however, the movie has its flaws.<br /><br />there are three acts to this movie. act one is perfect. it sets up the movie, and really builds up the creep factor. i must say the score is great! everything is set up and it's set up perfectly.<br /><br />act two begins when jillian, playing sherry burton, goes to the shrink. they hypnotize her, and she recalls the abduction. act two ruins the film when the aliens show up. "screaming mad george" did the effects for the aliens. i must say they did a good job, except with their depiction of the "gray" aliens. no offense, but the grays looked like inflatable door prizes.<br /><br />on a side note, i liked how they treated hypnosis in acts one and two. if you paid attention, you would notice that the husband and wife had two different memories. in the husband's version of events, the blue light zaps them and his wife says, "somebody's here," or something like it. it makes sense. the husband is concerned for his wife. "someone" may hurt her. that's his issue. however in her version of events, she says, "help me!" she does not say "somebody's here." this also makes sense. the aliens are after her. wanting her husband to help and save her is her issue. now back to the film.<br /><br />act three turns the film into a gore fest. it begins with a "strange" ultrasound procedure. it's a typical gore fest, but it does have a surprise ending. i won't ruin it because it's actually an interesting development. <br /><br />the dvd and commentaries takes itself too seriously, but if you think wilford brimley saying "horsesh**" is funny, you might want to check it out in the cast interviews section. now on to my praise of jillian mcwhirter.<br /><br />i could only hope jillian will read this. i had never seen her before, but wow, what a performance! let me tell the rest of you this. first of all, this is supposed to be a serious film. the details i will now describe may sound campy and fun, like "humanoids from the deep" (1980), but it really isn't. got that? okay.<br /><br />jillian is hot, naturally good-looking. she is naked for a lot of the film, a good thing. unfortunately, she is usually being assaulted, terrorized, and raped, a very bad thing. however, she must act in a lot of this film naked. she gets points for overcoming that. she has to act happy, sad, horny, afraid, and physically hurt all in the span of a few moments. the turnaround of emotion is astounding! she has to cheer for joy when she learns she's pregnant. she has to scream in terror when the aliens take out her guts. she has to act very angry when her husband suggests that the baby isn't his. she has to act like she's in denial, saying nothing is wrong with her baby, when her husband says otherwise. a denial, i should note, that is really forced upon her by the aliens controlling her. i am talking oscar-caliber performance here!<br /><br />then there is the rape scene. it's disturbing, but since it's just some rubber alien, it's not too bad. in this scene, the alien is not a "gray" alien, so i will describe it. the alien has tentacles, and it's kind of like a table. jillian is on the table-like part, restrained by the tentacles. by her head is the alien's head. the alien's head is long, and it flips down so that its head is now above jillian's legs. then, the alien's hey-nanu-nanu comes out of his forehead. it's forehead! sounds pretty campy, right? well, jillian plays it straight, and she pulls it off! she has to act like an alien with its hey-nanu-nanu coming from its forehead is raping her, and she pulls it off! it's a very intense scene, but that's not what makes it. you see, this scene is done in a flashback. what makes the scene is jillian's performance recalling these events. she is just lying in a hospital bed under hypnosis recalling the alien abduction, but her acting here is more intense than the actual rape scene! how many actors can pull off a performance in a scene that describes a rape that is more intense than the scene with the rape? not many! however, jillian does it.<br /><br />i could go on and on. jillian, if you ever read this, i want you to know that i, (name withheld) alias of megamanx-1, believe you are the best actress ever. you are the best actress ever! i could only hope you read this and take it with you always.<br /><br />as for everyone else, "progeny" (1999) is an okay to good film. i would recommend it.<-----minor spoilers!-----><br /><br />a woman gets pregnant, but not by her husband. she develops 'something' inside her, or at least thats what her husband thinks. they go through a lot of hard times, while she is on the brink of a nervous breakdown. the husband contacts an ufo professor, and with his help they try to find out what is wrong with her.<br /><br /><-----minor spoilers!----><br /><br />the story could have been a bit better, or at least be made less predictable, but the movie is catchy and it got me and my sister hooked through the entire movie without a problem. the acting is very good, and the filming is much better than normal, if you compare this to your normal b-alien movie. the effects are good, and something is happening every second of the movie. the characters are really likable, and apart from a stupid nurse in onã© scene, they are all very convincing in their roles.<br /><br />i thought it was a good movie, and can recommend it, if you like alien/monster-abduction movies!<br /><br />7/10 - the story could have been a bit less predictable.an odd beam of light penetrates the bedroom of dr. craig burton(arnold vosloo)and his wife sherry(jillian mcwhirter)as they are making love. about two hours are unaccounted for as they embrace seemingly unharmed. under hypnosis during a session with psychiatrist dr. susan lamarche(lindsay crouse), craig discovers that his wife was impregnated by aliens. sherry resists this notion as absurd and is quite happy to relay news to her husband that she is indeed pregnant. ecstatic after their trying for ages to get pregnant, sherry is frightened at craig's persistence of the fetus not being his..this stems from a check on his low sperm count with odds especially high that he could in no way have impregnated his wife. awkward, troubling experiences with the fetus inside her leads sherry to some scary discoveries..her doctor, david wetherly(wilford brimley)finds that the ultra-sound gives some unusual results of the developing infant's appearance, but it's craig who notices that it resembles an alien! sparks ignite cutting out the electrical equipment, even shutting off wetherly's pacemaker! through hypnosis, sherry reveals the experience of her abduction, but lamarche believes her problem is psychological not physiological. with no one believing his wife's alien impregnation theory, craig turns to sociologist dr. bert clavell(brad dourif), whose work is in the studies of alien life and abduction. but, bert is reluctant to help craig who will go to the ends of the earth to save his wife's life from possible harm. tragic results occur as lamarche and others try to keep craig from his goals of "cutting the thing out" believing he is mad. craig will still pursue his task trying to drag bert down this path with him.<br /><br />grim, absorbing horror tale about one man's struggle to save his wife from the harm of beings no one else believes exist. thankfully, dourif's character isn't some quack nutjob but an intelligent doctor who wishes to learn more, but his pursuit of the truth of aliens isn't hostile..he does hope to learn from sherry, but isn't incredibly demanding in this goal. the story is told realistically..it's easy to understand why others might deem craig off-his-rocker. vosloo doesn't take the character too far, but expresses the distress of his current situation. how can he save his wife from this hostiles and prove to others that he's not nuts? mcwhirter deserves credit for the demands of the difficult abduction scenes where her unfortunate character is naked on this table being probed and molested by these things. crouse is fine in her limited, but important role as the voice of reason in a situation where her clients seem out of control psychologically. the monster effects are icky and effective. i think the film works quite well and director yuzna deserves credit for restraining himself for this film at least. the final twenty minutes as craig tries to perform his "removal surgery" with a scared bert watching the crazy situation escalate is nail-biting.<br /><br />you know, fans of "fire in the sky" might dig this flick.this movie will undoubtably not go over well with some, because most of the horror is mental. but it does have a little something for almost everyone, including a couple of really cool abduction scenes with aliens. the film makes extensive use of alien abduction mythology, while also showing a bit more intelligence about some facets of abduction myths than you would expect out of a movie. jillian mcwhirter is excellent in what had to have been a grueling performance.i put in the dvd expecting camp perversion from the creators of society and re-animator, and was quite surprised to become involved in an authentically suspenseful tale. acting was top-notch (nice to see vosloo in a protagonist role after a long string of villains), the storyline involving, and the few twists fairly surprising. i figured i would fast forward through much of it to get to the abduction scenes, but instead watched it through, only being let down at the very end.<br /><br />maybe i'm being too lenient, but as i stated before, i wasn't expecting much more than alien sex. of course, if you are looking for some hot alien sex, you will be let down. it was mostly quick-cut exam table nonsense with a blink-and-you'll-miss-it glimpse of an interesting 'impregnator' alien.it would be so easy to dismiss an alien abduction movie before even seeing it - as i did - but this is well worth a look. if you think about it, its not an easy subject matter to handle but this film manages to suspend disbelief which in itself is a feat for such a way out subject. casting the main character as a doctor was a sensible move which lends credence to his willingness to believe in the possibility of alien abduction. vosloo plays it very sensitively involving us in his pain and confusion at the weird events that befall himself and his wife. special effects are used sparingly but to shocking effect and at times the movie is totally gripping but sadly there are a couple of points where the plot wanders and leaves some confusion. also, after building to a tense climax the ending is something of a let down. the supporting characters were unnecessarily weak (the alien hunter) or menacing (the psychiatrist) which also served to detract.<br /><br />but all in all it raised some interesting issues amongst which was a telling line "how do think animals feel when we experiment on them".<br /><br />the concept of "lost time" was also thought provoking.i don't see why everyone is bombing this so much. i thought it was a great fun time that sadly wasn't popular enough to be that famous. believe me i have seen much much worse than this. if you want a bad movie see blood shack or the alien dead or something. so what this is normal slasher fare but better than most. and it is watchable. this movie also has one of the best soundtracks i've heard. some of the music is very suspenseful. and the death scenes are cool too. we see a very bloody body in a bathtub with the words sold written in blood on the mirror, and we also get a cool double beating by a toilet plunger! with razors attached to it! this was a good fun 80s slasher that's definitely worth your time despite what others say about it.this is a delightful, they-don't-make-em-like-this-anymore kind of film. well performed by everyone and peopled with interesting character actors. an intelligent, witty script acted with the right blend of broad comedy and understated humor. holds up for repeated (annual?) viewings.<br /><br />**warning** the re-make of this film with the same name, directed by arnold whatwashethinking, is an unbearable mess - painful to watch - without a scintilla of the charm and wit of the original.now, i've seen many many b-grade films in my 15 years of living, and i must say that this was one of the better ones. i personally enjoyed the real estate and the storyline, but it did suffer from amateur acting (although adrienne barbeau did give a decent performance as lisa grant). joseph bottoms couldn't hold his part well enough to be considered good. the other performance which really fit the film was that of barry hope (barney resnick). it begins with an eager real estate agent taking an asian couple through a house, only to find there's a dead girl in the shower of the showhome. it progresses with detective speculating, and introduces the key characters with reasonable grace. i think that for any person who's in for a giggle at the over-the-top drama the victim realtors provide during the over-the-top gory scenes, this truly is a gem... xd who am i kidding? it's not that great, but worth a watch if you're insanely bored.this is a wonderful movie. i've only seen it twice, and i've been looking for it again for ever. i'd buy it if i could find it. while it's sad, it shows three things -- how much a man can love a woman, how hard some people want something and how hard people work to overcome their limitations.this one gets better with each new look. certainly one of paul sorvino's best roles. outstanding music score which was also outstanding on sound track lp (so why no cd?). one the very early dolby stereo sound film releases. by the way, the original 35mm theatrical trailer for this is really great!when you read about this film you wanna cringe. i have seen it countless times and yet i cringe myself! so what is the attraction here? i think that for me, it's the offbeatness of the romance. i find it super refreshing to have an oddball coupling between this nyc jimmy-breslin-like columnist and a down-on-her-luck (health-wise) ballerina. you feel embarrassed for paul sorvino at his unsubtle approach to wooing this woman. like the guy in the bar who can't take a hint. he's a bit overweight (at least as a would-be suitor for a ballerina. hope that doesn't sound unkind) and possibly a tad too old for her. nice change of pace from greek god wooing super-model. the bill conti score has stuck in my head all these years later, which is a pretty good sign. however some of the acting is just dreadful. a subplot involving a young puerto-rican boy befriended by sorvino's character is just hilariously bad. but the opening scene where ditchburn is warming up to carole king draws you right into this story. good luck finding it. you'd think that lifetime would be re-airing this or even we, but i haven't seen it on in quite a few years.i was never all that impressed by night gallery, but this one episode stands out.<br /><br />a tv network executive auditions an odd act - a young, nerdy boy who proceeds to make prognostications. the exec dismisses the whole thing as a flaky waste of time until both predictions come true the next morning.<br /><br />what first seemed a parlor act becomes a hit show as the kid's predictions prove consistently accurate.<br /><br />then, one day, he refuses to do the show. facing imminent showtime, everyone's at wit's end, even threatening him with legal action if he doesn't fulfill his contract and make his daily predictions.<br /><br />the young boy relents, and foretells a seemingly utopian tomorrow.<br /><br />after the show, the befuddled executive asks for an explanation, only to learn why the complete truth is too terrifying to reveal.i adore the ln chaney version of "phantom" and i appreciate webber's version if only for the growing interest in the book, wish i find more of a mystery slash horror with the romantic aspects downplayed. i don't approve of the fact that andrew lloyd webber made the relationship between raoul and christine less restrained.<br /><br />luckily since this is a comedic short with only erik and christine this version doesn't even have to bother with any other characters.<br /><br />i thought i would still be waiting for another version to match up lon's performance. i was dead wrong. leslie nielson is fabulous as erik though, of course this is a spoof. it's still brilliant.<br /><br />i especially appreciated the fact that erik looked more like a living corpse than an accident victim. i still have as of yet to see a phantom like that, other than lon's.<br /><br />however, i do not recommend this short if you don't like spoofs. because this is in no way supposed to be taken seriously.bridget fonda has disappointed me several times over the years, but she had my attention in break up. it's true the story is missing critical details in several places, but i just kept scrutinizing fonda for clues about what was meaningful in the story and she didn't let me down. the look in her eyes in the last scene, as she musters up courage to, literally, put one foot in front of the other toward her uncertain future is one of the most dramatic and significant examples of face acting ever. i believed her completely, possibly because i've known and admired several "tough broads" who survived similar abusive situations. and they did this without becoming man-haters, but that's my own hopeful projection of fonda's character at the break up.excellent drama. very dark. i have never seen california photographed in such a way. bridget fonda as the deaf wife beaten by her husband is superb. the film gripped me from start to finish. very understated performance by sutherland. the direction was very european. amazing to get such a performance from fonda.nothing great here but a nicely acted story about an abused deaf wife (fonda) of a small time crook (bochner)who gets involved with one of her husband's plans and his mistress. sutherland and weber are cops drawn into what turns out to be a unmysterious murder investigation and the story just flows along.i've tried to remember the name of this movie for years and years. finally, read something today, 03/09/2005, that mentioned stacy keach's name, and it reminded me that i had seen a movie that he was in in 1974 at the atlanta film festival, so, i did a google search for keach's movies and found the gravy train. we were supposed to see duddy kravitz at the film festival, but for some reason they were unable to show it, and instead substituted the gravy train. we were terribly disappointed that we weren't going to be able to see the much hyped duddy kravitz, and had heard nothing of the gravy train, and have heard nothing of it since.<br /><br />however, i recall we were pleasantly surprised at how good the movie was, and as i recall, it was quite humorous. would love to find it on tape."christmas in connecticut" is a gem of a christmas movie classic. while lesser known than some others -- it is nonetheless a delightful way to spend an evening at holiday time. i watch it every year.<br /><br />barbara stanwyck is perfectly cast as, elizabeth lane, the single, career girl. way before it was popular, stanwyck embodies the single girl on the rise. her nyc apartment, and her friendly "uncle" restaurateur around the corner typify the single girl in the city existence. she can't cook yet she writes a homemaking column for a magazine!<br /><br />dennis morgan is also perfectly cast as our wartime hero, jefferson jones, who wants to meet the amazing elizabeth lane. after being lost at sea, all he wants is to spend christmas in a "real" home. which sets up the delightful, madcap story that evolves. it is fun from beginning to end. we should all have an uncle felix too!these immortal lines begin the jack starret directed masterpiece,'the dion brothers'. the plot centers around two blue collar west virginian brothers (stacy keach and frederic forrest) who commit robberies in hopes of using the money to open a seafood restaurant!!? what follows is quite an adventure, and many comedic events ensue. the action scenes are all top notch and consist of some nicely realized shootouts. the latter of which is absolutely amazing and occurs in an abandoned building being demolished by a wrecking ball! the film was written by now famous director terrence malick and features an early appearance by margot kidder. all in all, an excellent hidden gem of the 70s and easily one of the finest action/comedy hybrids every made. hopefully it gets a decent widescreen dvd release soon.another one that slipped by the radar of most anyone. this little b produced gem is so full of new ideas in an old genre and so absolutely refreshing and inventive, that a dreadful feeling about the lack of cojones in today's cinema slowly overtakes your body. the final set piece is so innovative in its setting and style that it prefigures everyone from tarantino to john woo. oh, and if you think "dying lines" are all cliche, wait for the dying line of ff. a piece of dialogue that could have torn you with laughter will take your heart. a true pleasure. seek it and see it. you won't be sorry.i managed to record the dion brothers, off broadcast tv, (with the commercials), back in the early 80s. i've loaned it to many friends, all of whom agree it's one of the best b "bandit" movies ever made. one day, while walking to my nyc apartment, i saw stacy keach shooting a scene for his tv series, mickey spilane. we had a moment to chat, and i told him how much i enjoyed the dion bros, and considered it a pure classic. he thanked me, and said it was one of the best, and most memorable film experiences of his career. he was very friendly, and sincere, and i was grateful for the few moments he took to chat with a fan. this is one classic that needs to be on dvd.i happened to catch about the last 45 minutes of the movie,late night about 8 years ago. what a wild and funny 45 minutes.i was absolutely knocked out by chase-shoot-out at the end that takes place at night ,inside an old hotel that's being torn down with a wrecking ball....incredible. i vaguely remember stacy keach ,stealing a cop car, faking being a cop and strong arming some winos....wino to keach"hey,why ya hasslin us?...keach"it's my job".you're correct. they don't make them like that anymore.great movie. the golden70's...hopefully it will see the light of day as a dvd along with other lost treasures...hickey and boggs being one such.considering this film was released 8 years before i was born, i don't feel too bad for over-looking it for such a long time. back in january of 98 though, i attended the second annual quentin tarantino film fest held in austin,texas. the particular theme of films this night was "neglected 70's crime films" and boy was her right. "the gravy train(or the dion brothers, as it appeared this print)" was an absolute gem. wonderful performances, quirky characters, smart plot, hilarious comedy, and just an all around great time. rarely do you see a crime film that is so entertaining and fresh. margot kidder in one of her earliest film appearances is extremely sexy as well. i hope some cable network gets a hold of this film and allows many more to see it. in the meantime, go to an indie video store and hope they have it.this interesting lost film (written by terence malick) stars stacy keach and frederic forrest as two wacky, southern brothers on a quest to open a seafood restaurant. margot kidder was never prettier and forrest should have been nominated. originally titled the dion brothers, this light-hearted flick with a violent ending is a pure joy! <br /><br />where is this film? i've been searching for it for 30 years. keach was still great back then and i'm surprised it doesn't have more of a cult following (maybe it does). these guys are a crack-up with more ambition than brains, but totally lovable dudes!. a 7 out of 10. if you can dig it up somewhere, you'll have fun.unfortunately this original mix of action and laughs is kept from cinema fans as it sits rotting in the columbia vaults for all eternity. a shame since this may be jack starrett's strongest film and features a witty script by a young terrence malick and fully realized performances by its two leads stacey keach and frederic forrest who turn to a life of crime so they can get the money to open a seafood restaurant. many standout scenes include interrogation by bathtub and electric razor, and an intense shootout in an abandoned building as it's being torn down by a wrecking ball!great adaptation of the christie novel. surprising attention to authentic period details for the time (many films of the mid-1970s-early 80s that try to do 1920s-early 30s look far too mid-70s-early 80s for my liking, so expected the worst here, and was gladly proved wrong)the costumes and sets are very well done. i liked this production very much â? largely due to the adorable francesca annis' portrayal of a carefree bright young lady "frankie" and james warwick's charming bobbie. the pair would go on to portray christie's tommy & tuppence, which is funny as some contemporary book critics compared frankie and bobby to her earlier characters of tommy & tuppence. the supporting characters were equally well done â? the over the top mrs. rivington (acted by miss marple-to-be joan h.) and "badger" is played perfectly as the post wwi, "bertie wooster type."i saw this television version of a christie mystery story when it was shown back on channel 5 in new york city in 1980. at the time i was surprised it was not shown on channel 13, the public television station that showed most of the masterpiece theater programs, but (aside from some dorothy sayers "lord peter wimsey" stores, and the moonstone) the bbc productions rarely dealt with british detective stories. another series, the rivals of sherlock holmes had dealt with stories set in the victorian and edwardian period, so a period charm was involved in getting those stories onto channel 13.<br /><br />the plot of why didn't they ask evans? dealt with a young couple stumbling upon a dying man who's only last words are the question of the title of the story (the novel was originally called why didn't they ask evans?, but subsequently was retitled the boomerang clue). the young couple start investigating the murder, and trace the crime to a set of people who surround a questionable doctor (eric porter). despite the warnings of the father of the hero (john gielgud), the hero (james warwick) and the heroine (francesca annis) pursue their investigation - even as it gets murkier and more dangerous. the death of another suspect by suicide increases the apparent dangers as the killer starts looking into silencing the two amateur detectives.<br /><br />it's not a bad film, although i agree it was a bit too long for a single night's entertainment (if it had been done like later miss marple episodes with joan hickson, or the hercule poirot episodes, in two parts it would have been better). but it has it's strengths. one is the proper use of porter as chief suspect, and a clever scene later in the film where he appears to be spying on the young couple who are investigating the mystery. if you stick to the film, you will be in for a fair surprise later on.<br /><br />but it has one failing. when dealing with a christie novel the figures in the story have to be in a rigid schedule of movements so that the reader might be able to figure out what the secret of the plot is. i will only add that if you hear the dialog at one point, and how a little boy was almost killed (but wasn't), then you will find all the parts of the story coming together, and what the villain's motivations were.<br /><br />except for that and the lengthy time the telefilm takes to tell it's story, it is quite a good film, and worthy as one of the best programs based on a christie story in the period when their was a sudden renaissance in films based on her novels.this bbc version of an agatha christie book shows the pitfalls of following a book too closely. christie's books tend to move at a gentle, sometimes even sedate pace, and "evans" is one that certainly does. it also has a solid school of red herrings to confuse the plot. this version is extremely faithful to the book, which results in a very slow, involved story. as a christie fan, i gave it 7 stars, but it takes 3 hours to make its way through a relatively action-free story. i appreciate some of the tightening of plots that the bbc did for its later christie productions much more.<br /><br />in the end, this movie is a leisurely pleasure, highlighted by the breathy waif francesca annis who brings considerable charisma to her role and plays off james warwick very well."christmas in connecticut" is an absolute gem, and a must-see for christmas! elizabeth lane, a precursor to martha stewart, is a magazine columnist and the ne plus ultra of homemakers--the perfect wife, mother, and domestic goddess. only thing is, she is none of these things--a total phony. unfortunately for her, she is about to be found out. her publisher, mr. alexander yardley (a brilliant comic turn by sydney greenstreet) gets the bright idea of inviting a famous war hero to elizabeth's "perfect farm" for the christmas holiday. only thing, there is no farm, "perfect" or otherwise. the comedy involves how elizabeth is to keep her real identity under wraps so she will not lose her job. elizabeth's colleague, john, happens to have a farm in connecticut, so that solves that problem. however, he wants to marry liz, but she does not want to marry him. he offers her marriage, though he knows she doesn't feel the same way about him that he does about her. he makes the offer anyway, and assures her that he is willing to wait. and here barbara stanwyck, as liz, delivers one of the most devastating put-downs i have ever heard. with perfect innocence, she replies: "could you wait that long?" ouch! in addition, the scenes between una o'conner and s.z. sakall are hilarious. they don't seem to like one another (though one suspects they really do). they are rivals in the household, and s.z. sakall's mangled english is equaled by nora's strangled pronunciation of his name ("mr. basternook"). "my name is felix!" it is amazing how christmas-y these black and white films are. great character work by all involved. don't miss this one!brilliant work. marvelous actors dissolve as brave and courageous characters .all unforgettable parts in a more than intriguing and capturing action â?thriller. the casting is perfect. both from the side of the stars like :armand asante, bernhardt, kier ,denier. but as well for new faces .i was very impressed by the young actor who plays the boy gang member- mustafa. you trust each one from the turkish gang. very convincing is michael barral and all white power followers. i admire the music beat of the main theme of "children of wax".this sound track is a charming mixture of turkish, hard rock and udo kier's hummingâ? and in the same time children of wax "a tale focusing on racial conflicts .the intolerance and brutality between the skinheads and the turks.this film is a very descent remake of the famous fritz lang's masterpiece "m- murder".it is well made and with a entertaining key to speak about pretty serious events and contemporary problems in eurobe but not only the whole world.the ethnic intolerance is such a huge evil and very contagions nowadays. so "children of wax" or as it is known in us distribution reveals the question of german and turk hatred in an amusing way.no doubt it is well appreciated to be taken for distribution by the great weinsten brothers.and there is another fact i liked most is the participation in this movie of the favorite actor of lars von trier the great udo kier who shows to play with such a pleasure for the bulgarian film director ivan nichev."children of wax" also shown as "killing grounds" is an interesting mixture of genres. some might think the purity of the genre can be only for good but to me the eclectic symbioses is very entertaining. it is also in it's story the mixture of thriller and the popular action as well as the combination of the historic masterpiece and the ethnic plea for tolerance. this film is built with the starry presence of my favorite actor the perfect armand assante but it is also marked by the acting of a shooting star â? hal ozan .we have recently seen him in the tv series on hbo called "sex" . "children of wax" is entertainment for the audience but the same time it has an everlasting moral for the ethnic tolerance. this is a wise way to seminate welfare. discussion on the contemporary troubles of our days can be made with attractive means in this is very positive side of the film "children of wax".i had such high hopes for teletoon retro to air this but instead of having shows such as this, ones that don't get the treatment that they deserve, they air things that i may have seen dozens of times before.<br /><br />the centurions was the highlight of my pre-teen years. i know that may seem a little bit clichã©d but it's true. after duke from g.i. joe, jake rockewell is another one of those cartoon characters that i really had a crush on.<br /><br />it's too bad that teletoon retro doesn't see it the same way people of my generation do. otherwise teletoon retro would be a lot better than it is.the centurions is one of the best cartoons ever and it needs to be put on tv and dvd so people can have younger generations enjoy such a good show that is far better than the garbage they have made in the last 14 years. i have a petition online that is at the website address http://www.petitiononline.com/6600f/petition.html that originally was trying to get this show on five days a week but is now trying to get this show onto dvd since the tv station it was focused on has bad public relations. we all need to convince the people who own this show to put it on dvd so it can be seen by future generations. also since now hasbro toys owns the toy line of this show we might want to try to convince them to make a live action movie of it just like they have done with transformers and sometime this year g.i.joe. we need good cartoons like this one to come back and be enjoyed by the younger generations. please do sign this petition so we can one day have dvds of the guys who are famous for yelling "power extreme!"this is absolutely the best 80s cartoon ever, maybe the best cartoon of all time. it had everything action, adventure, thrill, and much more...<br /><br />i can't imagine how hard it was for ruby-spears company to make this great cartoon, there has been spent a lot of money for this masterpiece of work and it was worth it, for example just the beaming down scenes were hard because i wouldn't call the 1980s for a great technology year with computers like now in the world we live in so the beaming down scenes were excellent!<br /><br />the cartoons will never be the same as they were before, that is why i hope that they all will be released on dvd specially the centurions as it's my favorite. i have the whole complete set of 65 episodes on dvd-r but it's not the same because if they were released on dvd the people in the world would be able to buy it and see the dvd's in almost every store which means a lot to the fans. my good friend ted made this petition to either get the show back on tv or better on dvd, that is if we get many requests to get them back on dvd.<br /><br />so please help us by signing the petition at http://www.petitiononline.com/6600f/petition.htmli saw this film at the galway film fleadh the year it won best short film. i have to say that i thought the direction was fantastic and the performances from the key cast members were very memorable. both of the main cast are definitely names to watch out for.<br /><br />the final shot over the cliff was mesmerizing and i for one would like to find myself there if i was waiting for the end of the world to happen. the kiss was definitely a great payoff, done with great enthusiasm's!! <br /><br />i can only assume that the film was shot on film, and i have heard that the dop won an award at the tribeca film festival for his work on this film and i must say.... well deserved.<br /><br />i would recommend this film to anyone who was a teenager in the 1980s. it brought back some great memories and some scary ones.i saw this at the tribeca film festival, in the family section. i'm not sure either of my kids really got the movie, but i have to say that it was a wonderful short film.<br /><br />'nostradamus and me' is an interesting short film about the hopes and fears that we all felt growing up in the 1980's, which in turn, extends to how my kids feel today. then, we had regan, today, we got bush. instead of nuclear war, we have terrorism.<br /><br />i really identified with the main character, and i myself dated a 'curehead' in high school. we all felt like 'nothing mattered' when we were 16, but it's great to see a film where they discover that everything matters!!! <br /><br />again, i probably wouldn't have put this in the family section...there were a few too many curse words for younger children, but it was a wonderful and enjoyable film to watch.the comments of the previous user are harsh indeed. one wonders if they have even seen this beautiful sweet film. as for being so nasty about it in front of the writer/director..well thats just plain rude! for those who grew up in the eighties, it is an artful piece of nostalgia and a sweet story well acted and produced. irish film-making sure has a lot of bitter angry people involved with it and the spleen venting comment made about this is evidence of it.. as people we have a choice; give out and moan about the people who actually go out there and make stuff or make something yourself.. i know which one is easier... do yourself a favour and watch this film and see how a short film is made... you won't be disappointedwhat the heck do people expect in horror films these days anyway. does is have to be something grisly like 'saw' or it's just crap...??? now, i don't claim to be an all knowing expert, but i'm about 47, i've seen and own literally thousands of films and i honestly think this director really gave this film a good, sincere effort. believe me, i was getting ready to cringe as soon as the dialog started, assuming it was gonna be awful and i was pleasantly surprised. it's no mamet script, that's for sure; but come on!!! with all the horrible garbage out there, especially in horror, i thought this one was way closer to the top of the pile than most.<br /><br />the director used a lot of neat, clever camera angles; the soundtrack was excellent and moody, perfect for the atmosphere needed for this kind of film. the editing and timing were very good. and it didn't resort to the tired, worn clichã© of excessive 'slasher' violence; for example ***** minor spoiler ***** during an absolutely delightful and fully gratuitous (but tasty..., uh, i mean tasteful) nude shower scene i fully expect her to get sliced and diced; but, amazingly we just get to enjoy her heavenly loveliness and that's it ***** end minor spoiler ***** also, the tension was built very well, leading up to a nicely ambiguous ending where you are not quite sure what's what. ***** spoiler ***** especially where in the scene where the psychiatrist leaves the girl and pinnochio alone in the office; we see the doll actually talking to her, but in the video recording we do not. also, the mom sees pinnochio moving about and being quite nasty; so, are both the mom and daughter mentally ill...??? also there is the original 'killer' and what the mom had surmised about a possible evil influence. but even with all that, we are still not quite sure who was doing the killing ***** end spoiler ***** so, all in all, i believe that it was a good, strong, sincere effort to create some good ol' early full moon type style and with a lot of restraint on the violence. and with no typical sleaze thrown in for no reason (just the lovely, innocent, beautiful shower scene, which i will remember to the end of my days... : ) compared to the absolute mindless drivel out there, a definite, strong 8/10!!!stanwyck and morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of dickens' christmas carol in its sensibility. the success of the film depends on the casting of sydney greenstreet as the alexander yardley character. yardley is the modern equivalent of dickens' scrooge in the way he exercizes control over his employees -- until the christmas spirit overtakes him. the role is a 'walk in the park' for greenstreet who had been one of the stage's great falstaffs when he was part of the lunts' company. greenstreet had only entered films five years earlier when, at age 61, he was featured in what was to become a film classic, the first and best film john huston ever directed: 'the maltese falcon'. 'cuddles' sakall was probably never better in his traditional role as the embodiment of middle european gemutlicheit. the attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.(this review contains a huge spoiler, but i don't know how to explain how cool it is without giving it away) i saw "pinoccio's revenge" a while ago.<br /><br />now, you might think it's just a rip-off of child's play. indeed there are similarities.<br /><br />however, chucky was a possessed doll who works independently of the kid. it is possible that pinoccio is possessed with a demon or cursed or something. however, the puppet itself is actually completely inanimate. the kid is insane, and the kid is the one killing people! everyone, including the audience, the survivors and the kid herself thinks it's the doll. but it's the kid.<br /><br />the nudity is almost a pity, because otherwise i could tell everyone to see it, because it really is an interesting horror movie.i know what you're saying, "oh man, pinochio is not scary!" but this movie goes beyond alot more than a maniacal pinochio. behind it tells the story of a mother and her daughter who is oddly attached to her doll pinnochio who seems to talk to her. the only weird thing is that noone else can hear the doll except her. in the end is shocking revelation that, as did i, will shock you. watch it. give it a try.this movie is the best horror movie i have ever seen. the acting is terrible and the plot leaves a lot to be desired but the puppet gave me nightmares for weeks. seriously, if you have little kids don't let them see this. of course i am a little biased because of an irrational fear of puppets and midgets. also a body double cameo by the guy who does mini me verne troyer. and some gratuitous nudity, a must in any low budget horror movie. all other horror movies will forever be judged against this in my book.perhaps the best movie ever made by director kevin tenney (well, his witchboard is not on the top of my all-time horror list), this one is a strange, fascinating mixture between pin and child's play, both better than this one, but not so better. sure, the plot is contrived and perhaps too predictable, but the actors are good, rosalind allen is very pleasant to the eye (and so is candance mckenzie - god bless her for the shower scene!), the child actress is very good in interpreting the disturbed daughter and the pinocchio puppet is scary enough to give you a few thrills down the spine. for a b-movie not bad at all.at first it seems the topical romance movie where a girl meets a boy and fall in love, but the point is that this movie has a feeling others don't have.the first time i saw it i couldn't see it complete because i had to leave.but while i was walking along i thought i must see it again but i didn't have any opportunity by then.one year went by until i saw this movie in a not-free channel and i saw it and i recorded it too.i saw it once,twice...until 200 times and not kidding.i did know all the dialogues by hart and i don't know why but i saw it everyday and never got bored.and i have to say that i'm not used to see a movie more than twice.the act is very good.gerard depardieu is a talented actor and katherine heigl too.i would like her to be in a good movie because i think she can do it.on balance,it's a movie i can't take out of my mind.i can honestly tell you that this movie is the most awesome movie ever!!! if you are in the mood for a comedy, i totally recommend this movie! so, here's the summary. there is this girl(nikki) who is fourteen and a half and she goes on a vacation with her father(andre) whom she hasn't seen for about two years. she expects the vacation to be totally boring, until she meets this boy(ben), who is much older than she is. so, to try to impress him she says that she isn't on vacation with her father, but her lover. this is a hysterical movie from beginning to end, and i highly suggest it. so rent it and enjoy!!!it's one of my favorite movies as much because of the location and music as the story line. don't matter how many times i watch it, it doesn't seem to ever get old. i can almost say all the lines along with the characters now. the movie is supper funny and really sweet.i love this film, it is excellent and so funny, ben is fit and i wouldn't mind meeting him on holiday!! i rate this film a 10 because its gr8 and i hope they never re make it because it would never be the same. funny bit is wen andre is looking at the moon,and he shouts at nicole to 'come outside and look at the moon' that bit always makes me laugh and never gets old. another thing is nicole looks a lot older then 14... but shes a gr8 actress. but i need help with something does n e 1 no the name of the song played at the end wen nicole and andre are dancing??? its really bugging me because i want 2 no what it is because its a nice song!!this is one of my all time favourite films. its one of those films where i know every line but can still watch it repeatedly without losing interest. i always throw on this film if i'm going on holiday, or if i don't want to go to the gym, just seeing nikki's gorgeous body will give me the motivation i need. its an easy to watch film which always keeps me smiling but i know it wont be everyones cup of tea, but if like me you love films that are shot beautifully and have comedy, romance and an interesting plot you will love it. it is filled with great characters and ben and nikki are both gorgeous so anyone can stare at something appealing. bottom line......you have to give it a try! i watched it on tv one day by fluke and loved it that i had to go out and track it down which took some time and i could watch it everyday. my father the hero i love you!!!this is one of the best romantic movies i have ever seen. especially girls who can identify with nicole will love it(not only because of the handsome dalton james) i also liked the music very much. a highlight was land of the sea and sun from baha-man. so watch the movie and enjoy iti just got this movie for christmas and have already added it to my favorites list. a cute and simple story which makes a beautiful movie. who could not love uncle felix or not have their mouth water at the sound of all that food. definite points go to sydney greenstreet for his performance of alexander yardley and also to reginald gardiner who played john sloane, the impossibly boring fiancee. truly a gem to be watched every christmas.this is a funny movie, there's not a lot of those. ok, the plot is a bit disturbing, but very original. a teen trying to get even with dad, because he hasn't been around and almost sending him to jail because she lie to impress an older boy, how could that not be funny? plus it not the typical movie featuring teens. first remake i've seen, that is better than the original, the only problem with both: gerard depardieu. with another actor this would be a perfect 10, because he plays all rolls the same way, sucks. another problem it's all the women melting over him, that's not remotely believable, he is not attractive!, y had a rubber troll that was better looking than him, come on!this is one of my favourite movies ever... i have seen it about a million times and would never turn down the opportunity to watch it again. in fact, i love it so much that i really wanted to check out the resort where it was filmed on my upcoming vacation... does anyone know the name of it? if so, please email me!!! i watched this movie for the first time when it was first released and i was about nikki's age and for the longest time i bugged my dad to take me to away somewhere because of course i expected the same thing to happen to me! it's just such an amazing setting and such a cute puppy-love story. this is a definite dvd collector's must!this is another case of hollywood arrogance presuming to eclipse french style. the original, mon pere ce heros, was one of the most charming films of 1991 so naturally the accountants in hollywood thought they could hire depardieu and phone the rest in. they did, however, take the precaution of hiring francis veber to write an english version albeit one utilising virtually every word of the original. depardieu brings his gallic charm and katherine heigl shows all the promise that is now paying off. the thing is that when the french make a sort of lolita-lite they get away with it because the 'dirty french postcard' thinking works in their favour; here the hollywood idea of lightweight subtlety is to have depardieu (totally unaware that his daughter has let it be known he is actually her lover), prevailed upon to play and song 'something french', launch into a spirited version of thank heaven for little girls. see the original.i have a problem with the movie snobs who consider americans to be uncouth semi - literates unable to appreciate the subtlety of the more sophisticated europeans,les francais,les italiens...just about anybody from le continong to whom english is a foreign language.if the humour in "my father the hero" is different from that in "mon pere ce heros" it is because the french sense of humour is different from that of the american.not better,not "more clever",just different. if you think it is crass for hollywood to "borrow" from the french cinema just consider how much the french cinema has borrowed from hollywood in the first place.where would belmondo and delon have been without bogart?truffaut without hitchcock?jerry lewis - not known for his subtle and cerebral style is idolised in france.go figure........ monsieur depardieu is exceptionally good as the hapless divorced father of a precocious 14 year old daughter on holiday in the bahamas together. unbeknowst to him,she presents him to the other people at the hotel as her lover so as to make herself more interesting to a boy she has her eye on .not surprisingly,complications ensue. there are "hommages" to "green card" and "cyrano de bergerac" amusingly inserted and m.depardieu goes along with it all very good - naturedly. he does a good maurice chevaler impression with "thank heaven for little girls" which is in fact funny and rather poignant as his audience,all of whom believe him to be the lover of a 14 year old girl,get up and leave two - by - two as he warbles away,blissfully unaware of what is happening.when he turns round at the end of the song to acknowledge the expected applause the expression on his face is priceless. without him the movie would be very average indeed.with his huge shambling figure dominating the screen it is a lot of fun.no pecs,no six pack - just a real proper human - type being.formidable!my father the hero is sweet, funny and cute. gerard depardiu is awesome as andre, a divorced father who takes his fourteen year old daughter nicole(kathrine heigl) to the caribbean for vacation.while there, his daughter meets a guy named ben(dalton james. to impress him, she tells him that andre is her lover and that her father is in jail for armed robbery and her mother is a prostitute and that she ran off with her pimp. everyone on the island is soon under the impression that andre's a child molester. andre is between two relationships. one with isabelle(emma thompson, who makes a cameo in the end of the film) and diana(faith prince from spin city). my father the hero has many funny moments. like when he's at a talent show and everyone tells him to play something french. so he plays "thank heaven for little girls" from gigi. everyone gets disgusted and leaves. my father the hero doesn't deserve a 5.1. i think it deserves a 9.0.i think is a great and a very funny movie. the story is so funny. the daughter nicole brings her father andre, in some very embarrassing situations in an effort to impress the boy of her dreams, the daughter pretends that her father is her lover.you just have to see!! heigl is lovely as nicole, perhaps too lovely; i'm not sure why she'd need to lie to hook anyone? gerard depardieu acts very great in this comedy film, he is so fun to watch. if you like comedy and romantic film you just have to see this!!! i think you can see this film many time, and you will still have a good laugh.<br /><br />in an effort to impress the boy of her dreams, the girl pretends that her father is her lover.what a great movie this is. i found it full of the delightfully unexpected pain of being a single father of a teenage girl. and it is set in a tropical island 'paradise'as well. <br /><br />gerard depardeiux brings his special european flair to this story about a divorced father of a teenage girl. they are on holiday together and she begins to add to the excitement on the island in many unexpected ways. but you will need to see the film for yourself to see all the hilarious situations they find for themselves.<br /><br />there are a few cult classics which all teens should see. this movie should be added to the list. in addition to dirty dancing, ferris bueller's day off, bill and ted's excellent adventure, rocky horror picture show and animal house, my father the hero should be required film study. watch it as if you had a teenage daughter and you'll be rolling with laughter. watch it with your teenage daughter and prepare to be laughed at for months.my father the hero used to be my favorite movie when i was younger. it's about andre, a divorced french man who wants to take his beautiful daughter (katharine heigl} on a vacation, hoping to get a little closer to her. but of course, nicole isn't that easy to get along with, she just started puberty, i'm guessing. she is angry and hurt that her father was never there for her and decides to give him a hard time. one day at the beach, nicole meets handsome ben, and she makes up a wild story about her and her dad. the whole island gets involved and the movie turns into a hilarious wild entertaining movie. i would give my father the hero 8/10this is a funny, intelligent and, in a sense, realistic comedy about a 14-year-old trying to live her first love while on vacation, and also about the complex, sometimes amusing, sometimes touching, relation between a divorced father and her growing daughter... and about how far a women (not only nicole, the teen-ager) can go to get the man she loves! i laughed a lot with this lively scenario that never drags.i watched this series after tipping the velvet, for which i gave 10/10 grade. i had read user comments on this and i expected an equally good series, or if possible, even better. at this point i must emphasize that this series is good, and it definitely captured me throughout it and thus worth watching. however, i didn't enjoy it as much as tipping the velvet, for the following reasons: <br /><br />1. less passion, love, and related sexual content. there were surprisingly little emphasis in these elements, which i held integral for a love story. fingersmith felt like a watered down version of tipping the velvet.<br /><br />2. similarly, as in tipping the velvet, the story had three parts: the beginning, a shocking second part, and the ending. the second part should have been the climax of the story (as in tipping the velvet), but instead it was almost totally skipped, perhaps due to inability to make shocking but believable asylum content. the series should have been in three parts, featuring two cliffhangers, with a lot more focus on the second part.<br /><br />3. almost no weight was given to what fingersmiths were and how it affected their personalities. i found it rather annoying that the series did not properly address such central topic. <br /><br />4. the ending was much more hasty than in tipping the velvet. fingersmith left several interesting plot lines open.<br /><br />despite these shortcomings, fingersmith is a good series, and well worth 7/10. however, it is not a classic like tipping the velvet.i came across this movie back in the mid eighties as a teenager and it immediately became one of my favorite holiday and non-holiday films. as you can tell from the other reviews this movie has a very good story line and great actors signed on for it. <br /><br />stanwyck is great as bride to be that is having second thoughts. dennis morgan's acting is strong also. he goes unnoticed in most films but was a very capable actor, check out kitty foyle. in this film he plays the visiting sailor that woos stanwyck away from her husband to be. <br /><br />this is a christmas classic. the settings and the story make for a great christmas romancei have never read sarah water's book. although i have not read the book, the 3 hour movie is very interesting. it begins with an interesting storyline with a twisted ending. i have to say these 2 actresses are amazing. sally hawkins is stunning successfully portrayed the character in love with her mistress and betrayed by her love. their romance slowly blossoms as they spend more and more time together. the love making scene is very tender and emotional, well acted. the end is quite intriguing and these 2 ended up together after all they have been thru, which is a bless. overall, it is a great movie to see, a very interesting plot with excellent performances.after watching tipping the velvet by sarah waters i decided to watch fingersmith, the characters were just as good in both performances, though missing rachael stirling in the adaptation of fingersmith.<br /><br />the story line overall was of a good choice, the twisting and the unravelling of the characters were amazing! excellent watch only missing rachael stirling!<br /><br />if you do enjoy the romance of two girls this isn't one of the best films to watch. <br /><br />it takes on a different spin from tipping the velvet but just as good. <br /><br />would recommend it to everyone!london 1862, a young orphan named susan trinder (sally hawkins) grows up amongst the petty thieves known as fingersmiths, under the guidance of mrs. suckerby (imelda staunton).<br /><br />one evening, richard "the gentleman" rivers (rupert evans) pays them a visit.<br /><br />rivers has an elaborate plan to defraud the wealthy heiress, maud lilly (elaine cassidy).<br /><br />susan agrees to help for a cut of the money, and is quickly installed as muad's maid.<br /><br />upon arriving, she discovers that maud is virtually a prisoner in her own house, as uncle chritopher (charles dance) controls every detail of her life.<br /><br />as the plan begins to unfold, susan finds herself developing an intimate relationship with the lady of the house.<br /><br />adapted from the novel by sarah waters.the story was well plotted and interesting by itself. however, it is difficult for me to write the review of this film without spoiling you. to avoid that, i am not going to talking the story here.<br /><br />i regard this film as a good adaption of sarah water's book, as compared with the previous one "tipping the velvet". i read the book first and then watched the dvd later. the film did retain most of spirits of the main characters in the book. of course, due to the time limitation, the film in the last 30 min seemed to be in a rush to cover the part iii of the book. therefore, it couldn't illustrate well the scene when they all met in the the kitchen of mr. ibbs's place and those after that (even the book seemed to me to be a rush on that kitchen scene). despite that, the film actually did a good job in representing the story. it really worth watching. it's still unclear when bbc-america can broadcast this film. that's pity.<br /><br />ps: noticed that the ages of maud and sue were set to be 20-21 instead of 17-18 in the book; the latter is more reasonable while the former is more close to the ages of actresses.i'm not exactly sure why i ordered "fingersmith" from netflix -- probably, because i enjoy bbc dramas, it was on a list of recommendations. i had no idea what i was about to see. the plot, which i will only describe in general so as not to spoil it for anyone who will see it after reading my review, has more twists and turns than a mountain road in the rockies, of the sort that customarily appear in "caper" movies. they are very unusual in a period drama. not having read the novel (and i do not intend to do so), i was totally unprepared for the surprise that ends the first segment on the dvd and equally surprised by the subsequent twists and turns. nonetheless, it is extremely well acted by the two young principals (by sally hawkins,in particular, as sue and by elaine cassidy as maud) and, in key supporting roles, by imelda staunton as the mother figure in a house of thieves and by charles dance as the rich uncle who collects pornographic materials and who rescues young maud from the mad house where her mother lived to be his secretary. the lesbian affair between maud and sue is the "big news" in the movie, but really not its centerpiece. the centerpiece is a plot to steal the fortune that maud is due on her 21st birthday. the turns and twists in the plot add tension, though not much credibility, to the movie. however, no viewer is likely to doubt that maud and sue will somehow end up together -- improbably -- as the credits roll. although one has been raised as a ady, and serves a collector of pornography, and the other is a pickpocket posing as a lady's maid, the author obviously means for them to live together in the end. it's a bit difficult to swallow, since each has conspired to cheat the other. despite these reservations, i liked movie well enough. it does not quite deserve the praise that others have lavished on it. the most fearsome and interesting scenes take place inside the madhouse where one of the two young women has been confined until she is able to escape and return to london to bring the story to its unexpected conclusion. sally hawkins (sue) is a very impressive young actress, able to convey her character's cascading and changing emotions with her facial expressions and her eyes. no doubt we'll see more of her. i certainly hope so.wow! where to start?<br /><br />this adaptation of sarah waters' third novel is one of my all-time favorite movies!!!!!<br /><br />i'm not to big on fiction novels (seriously i never read fiction), but the book is just as fabulous as the film! or should i say the film is just as fabulous as the book?! i just love this story!!!!!<br /><br />anyway, i put off watching this three hour long film (2 part series on dvd, 3 part series on tv/book) for about a year and half. it simply did not look that interesting...boy was i so wrong! <br /><br />i became immediately immersed into the rich and suspenseful plot...utterly enthralled! just like the book, you cannot stop watching/reading. it grasps your attention for the entire 3 hours...and when it does end...you wish it hadn't.<br /><br />the story just flows so beautifully and you'll be wondering where the time went.<br /><br />the lesbian subplot was just icing on the cake! the parts i love most are the subtle facial expressions and glances/eye contact between the two characters. you really feel their desire for one another and yet they cannot act upon it.....until they must. <br /><br />may i point out that the "lesbian theme" is an important part of the film, obviously, at the heart of the film is a genuine unexpected love story, but it is most certainly not what the whole movie is about. for me that's what makes this story so unique and intriguing. i've never read or heard of anything like it. sarah waters is pure genius!<br /><br />the twists and turns it takes leaves you hanging on the edge of your seat. seriously! my hands were clasped on to my couch with every surprising plot twist and i even yelled out several times ("oh my god! no way! that did not just happen! did it?")...i never do that!<br /><br />the only negative thing i have to say about this film is that i wish they'd added more from the book. but obviously having the adaptation be restricted by time they couldn't add everything that i would've liked. how awful it is though...i think i'm just being brutally selfish now...forgive me. <br /><br />the last 20 minutes does seem a little rushed. however, they put all the important bits in where even if you only watch the film and choose not to read the book you will be most satisfied with the outcome. <br /><br />the actors are just superb! brilliant even! sally hawkins (sue) and elaine cassidy (maud) have such great on screen chemistry they steam up your television set. simply electric! the emotions...the desperation...the struggle each of them feel is expressed seemingly effortless by these wonderfully talented actresses. rupert evans plays such a good bad guy as gentleman. i found myself seething every time he came on screen, but loving it because he's just so damn cute and somehow still charming even though you want to wring his neck. imelda staunton gives yet another fantastic performance as mrs. sucksby. she's such a warmhearted actress you cannot help but love her...even when the character she's playing isn't as delightful. everyone else in the cast were perfect! they really represented the characters well and were just as i imagined them to be after reading the book.<br /><br />this is a must see for any film buff! actually, anyone and everyone should see this movie and read the book! chances are you won't be disappointed!<br /><br />10/10 stars from me! there are only four other films i have given that same rating too. its very rare for me to actually enjoy a film so much that i give it 10/10. this is one of those films. fingersmith is truly a masterpiece!bbc's 3 hour adaptation of the novel by sarah waters..."fingersmith". life is tough without money, especially in dickensian london. dark deeds lead to despicable dilemmas.is love really just a luxury for the rich and free ?? elaine cassidy as "maud lilly" and sally hawkins as "sue trinder" both give fantastic performances as the leading ladies asking this question ... of each other ...whilst rupert evans shines as the delightfully bad "gentleman".. with great support from imelda staunton's "mrs sucksby", david troughton's "mr ibbs" and charles dance's "uncle". the plot twists and turns and i wasn't sure i could be led to care about characters able to hurt and use each other in this way... but somehow.. i do care... and thats because of the quality of the performances... love feels like love .. hate feels like hate... betrayal .. confusion.. well hopefully you get the idea and hopefully you will get the dvd and enjoy.( elaine cassidy is just great in this.. gorgeous in fact.... i have to declare i am in her fan club... hi elaine : )this movie is definitely one of the finest of its kind,. a victrion age story of love, and, grit. the depth of its story line is one that will stir the inner most emotions of love, and hate, with some very interesting twists, this is a must have movie for not only the lesbian audiences, but, for all viewers. i can't say much more or i will spoil the experience for a new, young audience who might just be coming out. another fine work for sarah waters. it also is a great way for sally hawkins to win over audiences who only get a brief glimpse of her talent in another sarah waters work, in "tipping the velvet".. it is also a must see..the chemistry between sally hawkins and elaine cassidy was incredible. they were thoroughly convincing and genuinely likable in their roles. imelda staunton played the conniving mrs. sucksby brilliantly. despite the fact that she was a dastardly opportunist, she somehow managed to have you sympathizing with her in the end. rupert evans played the slime-ball gentleman with sheer charm and snark. he was a scene stealer. the story itself was very unique, as was the manner in which it was told. the victorian england setting featuring two lesbian lead characters was intriguing and delightful. there were some fantastic and unexpected twists and turns that really kept the audience engaged in the story. a wonderful cast and excellent story made this film superb.historical drama is one of the areas where the british just can't be beat. so while i'm not a huge fan of the genre, i can usually be persuaded to watch something lite this if it's british and with decent actors.<br /><br />i have never read anything by sarah waters, which is of course something i should do. hence i didn't really know what to expect from this. i had heard that there would be a lesbian love story, but not much more. while watching it i found it to be a lot more interesting than i had anticipated. without saying too much the twists and turns of the plot are unexpected as well as well-crafted. although there were almost a twist too many somewhere, it took me a minute to get everything straight.<br /><br />production values are good, the actors are very solid and the pace is decent, although i found it to be a bit slow in the last half-hour. that might just be me though, i usually have a problem with movies dragging on after the plot is more or less finished. all in all though, this is a fairly enjoyable three hours. i recommend it to anyone interested in historical dramas.though it's a christmas movie, "christmas in connecticut" could have been done any time of year, as it's the story of a soldier who spends what is to be an idyllic time with a martha stewart type. that's what he thinks. in reality, the lady in question, portrayed by barbara stanwyck, has a popular magazine column about life on a farm with her husband and baby. she has no farm, no husband, and no baby, nor are the many recipes she publishes hers. they belong to the restaurant owner nearby. when her no-nonsense editor, sydney greenstreet, insists that she entertain soldier dennis morgan, she enlists the aid of her boyfriend to use his farm, and she transports herself and the restaurateur there. there's even a baby...well, actually, there's more than one. chaos ensues, and the charade becomes increasingly difficult to play out, especially when stanwyck falls in love with morgan.<br /><br />this is such a wonderful movie, and even if you're gravely depressed, "christmas in connecticut" can lift you right out of it. barbara stanwyck is wonderful as the career woman turned homemaker. despite not being as flashy as crawford or davis, she was nevertheless able to do what any role called for - she could be cheap, elegant, warm, nasty, cold, and/or sexy and she makes it look easy. on top of that, she is always attractive and alluring. dennis morgan is a handsome and charming solider; as an added bonus, he gets to use his irish tenor. fiancã© reginald gardner is all business, and you can tell he's not quite right for stanwyck. s.z. sakall as the fake uncle/real chef is hilarious, especially as he prays stanwyck can flip a pancake before an audience.<br /><br />i can imagine the impact this delightful film had at the tail end of world war ii. it must have been a real beacon for the better times to come.this tv adaptation of sarah waters' novel was so lovingly done i can hardly find the words to appreciate it. not since "tipping the velvet" (also highly recommended) have i seen such a performance by the lead actresses, this time by sally hawkins and elaine cassidy. they acted with their souls, and this is what gets across to the audience! the supporting actors were well chosen, too, they made a great ensemble.<br /><br />for those who think the story is just about a lesbian relationship - no, this is only one part. the other main theme is the betrayal of the person you love. and the plot has some further surprising twists. so the movie should be interesting for straight people or guys like me as well.i never dreamed when i started watching this dvd that i would be totally mesmerized by it within minutes. the story was completely absorbing and entertaining. the acting was superb. the biggest surprise of all was how i would be so completely enchanted by the love these two young women radiated across the screen. their initial physical encounter for me was by far the most tender, romantic, delightful, vicariously enthralling love scenes i have ever witnessed on film. i literally stopped breathing. i could not believe the chemistry between the two actresses. with no nudity or graphic sex, they conveyed more passion and titillation than any american production could ever hope to evince. bravo to the author, the screenwriter, the director and the cast.i watched this movie recently and fell in love with it. i loved the storyline and the actors. it has a little of everything. i was completely taken by the unfolding of the story. it has so many surprises along the way. i highly recommend it. in fact, i loved it so much that i ran out and bought the book. i felt i had to read it in order to appreciate the art in the writing behind the movie. i also wanted to make sure i didn't miss anything that was in the book but kept out of the movie. i recommend people who love the movie to read the book because there is enough difference in the book, especially in the second episode, to want to read it. it has become my favorite movie. i am now a sarah waters and elaine cassidy fan!!this movie was incredible!!!! i did not know the back story on it so i needed to let it unfold before me on dvd. it had many twists and turns but still kept the story fresh and exciting. the acting by elaine cassidy was in a word brilliant as well as sally hawkins. the storyline is rich with plausible occurrences as well as fresh ideas from the present.<br /><br />there is truly something about ms. cassidy's eyes that leaves "a mark." this movie is a refreshing look on the way in which we look at the 'victorian times' and how we view that society. a very worthwhile watch.it is always difficult to bring a 450 pages book down to a three hours film. i read the book before, and i found the bbc production dealing with this difficulty in the best way possible. the qualities of the book haven't been lost: the dense and lively depiction of a fingersmith patchwork family in london in the 1860s, the cold and obscene cruelty in which maud is brought up, the characterization of different social groups by different ways of speaking, the unexpected and surprising twists of the story, the way the film makes the spectators look different at the same scenes when they are told first from sue's point of view then from maud's one. the main actors do very good, and especially the growing love between the two women is convincingly developed, with a first culmination in a very tender love scene between the two and finally forgiving all the evil they were ready to do and did to each other, because they still love each other.<br /><br />for each of her books the author, sarah waters, has thoroughly investigated what life was like in british 19th century. while in tipping the velvet it was the world of the vaudeville theaters and the beginning of social movements, in affinity the dreadful reality of women penitentiaries and the fashionable evocation of spirits, in fingersmith she depicts the public ceremony of hanging people in london and the inhuman treatment of persons supposed or declared disturbed in asylums based on the reading of sources and scientific research. this is very well transferred to the film so that the corresponding scenes show a high grade of historic truth. i highly recommend this film production because it offers three hours of colorful victorian atmosphere, vivid emotions, and suspense.this was indeed an amazing adaption. i missed the first episode so i unfortunately missed out on the bonding between the characters and the smooth flow of the storyline. but as soon i watched the second and then the third instalment i was just blown away. i ordered the dvd less than a week later and unable to wait for it to come i went straight out and brought the book. from the moment i opened it i was hooked, i just couldn't put it down. i decided to finish the whole book before i dare watch the dvd at all. i preferred the book because it got inside the characters minds, you could understand totally where they were coming from and what there role was within the story. they missed a lot out of the adaption which was disappointing as the book is a master piece and i think they could have done it superbly if they had been able to stretch it over a longer period of time. but considering only being able to be fitted into a 3 hour slot i think it was done excellent. it followed the main twisted storyline brilliantly. and the actors which were enrolled as the main characters where amazing! the love making scene was pure beautiful. it was so tender and loving and just showed how natural homosexual love can be. i was totally blown away with both the book and the tv adaption! i loved both of sarah waters previous novels and also found the tipping the velvet adaption quite enjoyable. but when i read and watched fingersmith i knew none of her previous novels/adaption could beat it. sarah waters has indeed exceeded herself this time! i recommend that you watch this adaption! if tipping the velvet wasn't your thing, then don't let it put you off this one. fingersmith is a whole new ball game. it is a beautiful yet dark twisted story about love, greed and betrayal...<br /><br />a must see!i'm usually disappointed by what the media dubs "lesbian" movies these days: murderous bisexuals; psychotic murderous lesbians; women who experiment with other women, but end up with men at the end; ridiculously good-looking women who only get w/ each other to turn men on, etc.<br /><br />thankfully, fingersmith is on a very high pedestal above this garbage. it is a credible love story acted marvelously by every cast member, down to the least of the supporting actors. aside from having a very engaging central conflict, the romance between the heroines is well developed and believable thanks to cassidy and hawkins.<br /><br />i have also seen tipping the velvet, but fingersmith is far superior to the former, both in character/conflict development and the quality of the acting.<br /><br />fingersmith is both satisfying and enjoyable to watch, offering lesbians everywhere a great follow-up act to bound.i had never read any of sarah waters' novels, or watched tipping the velvet. i only heard about fingersmith when i was flipping through "the l word" websites. the storyline of fingersmith interested me, yet i passed it away, thinking "lesbian in victorian period, that never ends well, i have enough of those lesbo series and movies that go no where"<br /><br />however, during christmas my local dvd store gave fingersmith a discount, i brought the dvd, and my life has never been more colourful<br /><br />this mini series deserves to be cherished and praised. the acting is so great that i call it rare. sally hawkins, elaine cassidy, rupert evans, imelda staunton, and many more that i can't name all, brought light and darkness to their characters. just by a little gesture, a little look, a little touch, they made their characters real and as a viewer, i couldn't help it but take them home, keep them close. <br /><br />fingersmith, sets in victorian area, is a story of sue-a thief who loves and lives with her "family" of pick-pockets. little did she know that her fate is linked to maud lily-a somewhat shy, timid girl grows up in a mansion miles and miles away. maud's mother left her a fortune, but maud herself can't touch it, unless she married. worst of all, maud's uncle makes sure she never will by keeping her prisoned in the house. <br /><br />enter mr gentlement, a charming, good-looking thief with a heart as bad as any. he wants maud's fortune for himself, and in order to do so he sets sue up as maud lily's maid, asking sue to persuade maud to elope with him. as time goes by, things would be simple, if sue didn't fall in love with maud. <br /><br />and things would be simple, if the story was what i have just told. i do not wish to spoil, so i would like to stop there. but i can asure you that everything is twisted and turned before you can even aware of what has happened. once it happened, you then question what would happen next. on top of that, the story is filled with passion unlike any others. there are no self-searching, sexuality questioning, "oh my god do i like girls" moments, because the girls in fingersmith are buried so deep in their own darkness that they barely be able to care. the story with such twisted plot moves as smooth as water, running passionately, but strangely calm. <br /><br />weeks have passed since i watched "fingersmith", yet maud's eyes still haunt me, and sue's words still warm my heart "you pearl, you pearl, you pearl", she said. and such pearl it is.having read the book prior to watching this adaptation you would think that it would have lost some of its thrill. however, the story is so clever i could never tire of it. <br /><br />sally and elaine really put their hearts into their roles and brought out so much of the characters. i fell in love with the story and the women all over again.<br /><br />beautiful to watch thanks to direction, settings and costumery. despite the plot speed of television, i don't feel that anything important was lost in transit. it had me on the edge of my seat throughout with lots of wonderful stomach-trembling moments. enjoyed it thoroughly. this is the kind of television i have been waiting for.i love sarah waters's fingersmith, and was worried about the tv adaptation as i'd been disappointed by the bbc's version of tipping the velvet (which although beautiful to look at was let down by keeley hawes not being able to sing, and rachael stirling not being able to act). fingersmith is a very tightly plotted novel with breath taking twists and turns and i wondered if this could be done justice to in just 3 hours.<br /><br />i needn't have worried. the adaptation was excellent, very little cut out, and went along at a cracking pace (although i did wonder whether if you hadn't read the book, would you miss things?). it had the look and feel of a bbc classic costume drama and i kept having to remind myself that this is a contemporary book.<br /><br />the acting was stellar. sally hawkins acting her heart out as sue trinder, and elaine cassidy, a slow burner, who by the end of the story was incandescent as maud lilley. the love, the passion, the realisation of the acts of betrayal both would have to perform, were written on their faces. it was a joy to watch.<br /><br />i hope rachael stirling was watching: that's how you play a sarah waters character!this is a wonderful old fashioned christmas favorite, which i try to catch on tv every year if i can. it revolves around a martha stewart like journalist named elizabeth lane, charmingly portrayed by barbara stanwyck. however, in contrast to martha, this lady is a phony with no domestic skills whatsoever. the other cast members effectively complete the story, and include dennis morgan (jefferson jones), reginald gardiner (john sloan), and sydney greenstreet (alexander yardley).<br /><br />elizabeth lane is a journalist who writes food articles, portraying herself as a happily married country homemaker with children. in reality, she is a single woman living in a new york city apartment and cannot boil an egg. her recipes are borrowed from her hungarian chef friend, felix. elizabeth gets away with her deception until the publisher of her magazine, alexander yardley, decides he wants a nice old fashioned country christmas, and invites himself to visit her, bringing with him a returning war hero, jefferson jones, a sailor who had been shipwrecked. yardley demands total honesty of his employees. to get out of her predicament and save her deception based career, elizabeth borrows the connecticut country home of her longtime architect suitor, john sloan, a dull, fussy chap who has long sought marriage. she also borrows a neighbour's baby (actually, several) to pass off as her own and her 'husband' sloan's.<br /><br />of course this scenario makes for much merriment. it's a screwball comedy and a charming romance, with the added attraction of a christmas atmosphere. whenever i think of this movie, i picture the snowflakes falling, the tree beautifully decorated, the fire roaring in the hearth, the turkey roasting, and christmas cookies baking.<br /><br />why did hollywood feel compelled to do a remake? i understand there is a 1992 version, directed by arnold schwarzenegger and starring dyan cannon, kris kristofferson, and tony curtis. i have not seen this modern adaptation nor do i wish to. this old favorite is perfect just the way it is and a holiday 'must see' along with it's a wonderful life, white christmas, miracle on 34th street, and of course all the versions of a christmas carol.having read all of sarah waters books i was eagerly looking forward to a bbc adaptation of fingersmith. especially since tipping the velvet had been done so well by old familiar andrew davies.<br /><br />i was not disappointed with the results, in fact i think this might be on a par with ttv; both romantic and entertaining. and not as so many ignorant people would have you believe, a pointless lesbian romp. having been a fan of elaine cassidy's since seeing her guileless turn in felicia's journey i thought she embodied both hard deception and a growing fragility as maud. her transformation was believable and impressive to watch. i recognised sally hawkins as zena blake from tipping the velvet, a small role primarily so i didn't have as many expectations but she was astounding in the role of sue trinder. her eyes were mesmerising conveying everything from rage to absolute despair. the two of them acting together, combining these talents made this drama unmissable. of course imelda staunton was amazing as usual, she is unmistakably a national treasure and the supporting cast were all of a high standard. even the direction from the fairly unknown aisling walsh used contrasting yet beautiful shades of blue for briar and brown for london.<br /><br />however as much praise must be given to ransley the script writer. to turn a 600 page book where every line is of the highest quality into a three hour extravaganza is a huge feat. he illuminated the main revelations at a steady pace whilst giving us plenty of back-story and character development at the same time. he has my full admiration.<br /><br />in conclusion, a brilliant adaptation where all involved gave 100% and making this one of the best bbc dramas i've seen.haggard: the movie is the real life story of ryan dunn, and his girlfriend who cheated on him, also with the help from his two friend, 1. a skate boarder who lives for nothing, and, 2. a trying-to-be funny scientist (which doesn't really work) played by bam margera and brandom dicamillo.<br /><br />the film haggard the movie also has a lot of the characters from jackass, etc, but to say it was written by bam margera and co. this is a very weak attempt, seems to me like it was written when he was bored, or as a project with they did not pay a lot of attention to.<br /><br />the films also stars bam's girlfriend jennifer rivell, who plays glauren, ryan's girlfriend who basically cheated on him, again very bad acting by jennifer, another actor that some people may be interested in is steve a.k.a hellboy, played by rakeyohn, which his character does not seem to be with the story, again bad acting, also this character does not really have a lot of lines in this film which basically makes it very boring. but worst of all, is raab's character, the voice sound like a smoker who basically has throat cancer, also i think he could have been improved! overall i think the characters in this film aren't with the story, like in one scene, it would be on one certain character, a minute later, a different scene, different character.<br /><br />to say that this is supposed to be a film, sort of a documentary, its not played by the characters as a documentary, the acting makes you think that its a cheap attempt at making a film with your spare time.<br /><br />towards the middle of the film we start to lose focus on the main character ryan dunn, although a lot of the attention is on bam and brandon.<br /><br />in conclusion this film is ok, if you laugh at things that aren't very funny, stupid stunts, terrible acting and the occasional nude scene!, also i think there there are too many scenes of just no talking and just music! 7/10alright, let me break it down for ya... haggard is probably one of the funniest pointless movies you'll ever see. it's got a mixture of a unique storyline about a guy having girl troubles and everything going backwards for him mixed in with countless humorous scenes that will keep you laughing throughout the whole movie, basically, if you've seen jackass or the cky series, you'd know what to expect for humor, considering it has most of the people from those movies. overall... i just had to give it a 10/10 because its one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />~f0rs4k3n<br /><br />(p.s.) haggard rules!i just bought this movie yesterday night, and i love it. everyone did great acting in it, especially ryan dunn and bam margera. the whole plot was great, and as dunn said in the extras on the dvd, they made it seem like he was reliving the whole thing all over again. this movie has made my number one spot in my favorite movies! i can't stop replaying scenes over and over again, just to see it again. i've never done that with any other movie. i would definitely recommend this to other people to watch, because it is such a great movie, and if you like bam margera, it's a perfect movie for you!! the little montages that they show in between every scene are just great. i think that those have to be my favorite parts of the movie. they are very sad, with mostly music from the band 'him,' which of course is my favorite band.i bought this movie just to see bam because i was really loving him, but after seeing this i don't like him much. i mean, his acting was good and everything i guess, but whenever it showed the totally unnecessary skate scenes i was just saying to myself, "alright, we know you're a professional skateboarder, now can we get back to ryan dunn?" dunn, rake, and brandon really made the movie in my perspective.<br /><br />i noticed that jenn rivell, (obviously), and missy rothstein were both in haggard, but who bam was dating at the time? anyways, i actually enjoyed haggard and i think it's really like no other movie i've ever seen. it's sort of in it's own category.while some of the things in haggard are dumb and unnecessary, the overall package is good. <br /><br />haggard follows ryan dunn and his friends valo (bam margera) and falcone (brandon dicamillo) trying to win back glauren (jenn rivell), ryan's ex. <br /><br />the story is followed and developed surprisingly well, it doesn't wonder off and become an episode of jackass or viva la bam, although it does have a side story which doesn't hurt the main story.<br /><br />and, for all the bam fan boys (and girls) there are multiple sequences of bam skateboarding, perhaps the weakest aspect of the film. phil makes 2 surprisingly small appearances, even don vito got a bigger (but pointless) roll.<br /><br />if you are hoping to see a comedy and escape bam's craziness, then stay away from this movie, otherwise, enjoy the time you spend with it, if you can find it. there are some truly funny scenes in this film.set in bam margera's hometown of westchester pa, 'haggard' is a semi-true story about the life of ryan dunn and his buddies falcone and vallo.<br /><br />dunn has been dumped by his girlfriend of 2 years, glauren, who is now seeing a beer swilling, long haired metal head named 'hellboy' and this is driving dunn insane with jealousy.<br /><br />in a desperate attempt to find out the truth about what is going on between glauren and hellboy, dunn pays his friends vallo and falcone to break into her house and produce evidence of the affair, with somewhat disastrous results for all concerned! i found this movie very funny, maybe partly because i am a total jackass and cky fan, and it has to be said that a lot of the humour will probably be lost on those that do not have prior knowledge of margera insane brand of 'comedy'.<br /><br />the movie contains much that will be of interest to skaters, not least the cameo appearance of skateboarding legend, tony hawk as a police officer. there are also cameo's from bucky lasek, brandon novak, jason ellis, and bam's long suffering parents, april and phil.<br /><br />the dvd extra's include music video's from cky (featuring bam's brother jess on drums), and bam's favourite band, him (bam's character in the movie takes his name from him frontman ville vallo) there is also a documentary and a "too hot for jackass" skit.<br /><br />in summary, as i said before, this movie will mainly be of interest to skaters and jackass/cky fans, but i do feel that margera and co have made a great effort with 'haggard' and i for one, thoroughly enjoyed it.i had been waiting to see this movie for so long and finally got to yesterday. in summary i'm glad i finally did. the humor is off the wall hilarious. the plot is so unbelievably believable that it has to have at least some truth for it . if anything stood out in this movie it is most definitely the coffee shop scene. i have been there every guy has . you get dumped. you find out that your ex has fooled around with some guy who you are sure is an asshole. now every time you see anything for the next few days you just get horrible thoughts of this placed in all the wrong areas . she is screwing everyone and everyone knows it. i could probably watch that man lick and finger his wallet all day long and look back at myself and laugh for having been there too .the movie was fantastic. if your a fan of bams' cky videos, jackass, or his show viva la bam, you cant help but like it. i have a few friends who aren't fans that enjoyed it, and others who thought it wasn't that great. those who didn't like it were mostly female friends, they really didn't appreciate some of the crude humor, that personally i think made the movie so funny. i'm pretty sure the entire movie was filmed in bams home town, which includes a lot of his regularly visited locations. the cast of is made up of all his friends and cky buddies, and also includes some big name pro skateboarders too. the soundtrack is phenomenal, with music by him. in my opinion, haggard has it all. a great plot, characters you'll never see anywhere else. plenty of humor great music and a cast that was dedicated to the project.this movie kicks ass, bar none. bam and his crue have out done themselves with this film. since i got the dvd (4 days ago) i have watched it three times and it gets better every time i watch it. i can't wait for grind to come out in theaters. if its anything like haggard it will be worth the wait.<br /><br />thanks, jtcellphonei have always loved old movies but this is one of my top ten favorites...it has all the charm, 1940's quaintness, and good old fashioned romance and it's hilarious, to boot! barbara stanwick plays an independent single woman who writes cooking\home life articles for a famous magazine...under the premise that she is a married homemaker. even the president of the magazine is under this delusion. enter a handsome gi, (played by the talented dennis morgan)just rescued off of a raft along with his buddy. his simple wish is to stay at the homey inn the she writes so eloquently about and relax with her famous home-cooked meals. she now has to frantically find a way to save her job and reputation...add to this that her fiancã© is in a hurry to tie the knot doesn't help. the humor is superb and the chemistry between the leading characters a lot of fun. throw in the character-actor nicknamed "cuddles" (who fits this name completely) it becomes even more adorable. this has become my must-see movie that i snuggle in with a cup of cocoa each christmas season. a wonderful, enjoyable movie to enjoy at christmastime or anytime!if your expecting jackass look somewhere else this an actual movie and for the budget well done the acting isnt top noth neither is the writing but the directing was there and so was the story definetly worth the rent and possibly the buy if you really enjoy it like i did. but for the person who just likes jackass rent it first.this movie is simply awesome. it is so hilarious. although the skating and other montages are played out, the comedy is awesome. raab himself and brandon dicamillo are hilarious. there will be moments when you can't breath you're laughing so hard. plus, there are scenes that you can watch hundreds of times and still laugh. this is one of the funniest comedies i've ever seen.i personally found the film to be great. i had it on pre-order for a month and watched it twice the day i got it in the mail, and several time since.. yes, the time lapses may be a bit much, but the rest of the movie clearly compensates for it. all amature cast, yet the acting was right on for each part. the plot itself is just... haggard! there's no other way to describe it. who makes a movie about someone getting f**gered!??? bam, thats who. genius. simply genius. two thumbs up. i would be honored to work with him any day, any time, on any thing.i don't know what it is about the crew from cky, but everything they produce seems to be genius in its simplicity and stupidity. haggard is so incredibly dumb and funny that it's almost comedic excellence. sometimes it makes absolutely no sense, but who cares?<br /><br />it made me laugh my ass off. a must-have for the cky/jackass aficionado!i have never before seen a movie quite like this, nor as funny. i laughed my goddamned ass off and have watched it repetitively. infact i am watching it now. chad from cky is hot too. anyway if you never liked it, blow it out your ass, you have no taste. the movie involves ry (ryan dunn) having just broke up with his girlfriend turning to valo (bam margera) and falcone (brandon dicamillo) for help in finding out exactly what she done with "hellboy" (rake yohn), and with the help of raab (chris raab/raab himself) they do just that.<br /><br />the fender bender scene and the scene with cactus at record bin were hilarious.totally genius film from the cky crew......(not the jackass boys.....johnny knoxville, chris pontius, steve-o etc are not in this<br /><br />film). ok so maybe they'r not the best actors but its not what you call a serious film......but hey there havin fun and its totally funny to watch. who doesn't want to see don vito dressed as a roman emperor!<br /><br />a total must if you like viva la bam or cky............ an amazing soundtrack provided by the almighty him, cky and others...... check out the extra features on the dvd especially bran's freestyle<br /><br />chinese rap number two......seriously hilarious........... check this film out........you wont regret it......... 10/10this film had everything i need in a film: - women, skateboarding, violence, music by h.i.m and tony hawk!!! the artwork and camera effects in this film is amazing. the music in this film is the best i've heard in any other film. each track goes so well with its scene. i thought the acting was really good considering none of bams crew have been in scripted films before. although the whole concept of the film is the story of ryan dunn and his girlfriend (glauren) who is sleeping with hellboy behind his back is a predictable and age old story. they way its acted out is very unpredictable, for example: falcone and the gas tank, raab himself, dunn breaking bottles behind the wawa and all the don vito scenes. this films is a must see!haggard doesn't even need to be graded, since it was never designed to be graded like oscar-winning movies are and it was never intended to have won an oscar (obviously). if you just look at some of the stuff that bam and bran tried, like the fast-motion shots, it comes across as a film thats something more than just cky or jackass (even though those are cool too). for pure enjoyability i definitely give this film a 10; almost every scene made me laugh until my sides hurt, like falcone's trail movie. if you haven't seen this, see it and then buy it. personally my favorite character is brandon (falcone), he's just so smooth and natural and random that its hilarious, he freestyles great (with the action figures) and makes up the funniest stuff- lol a diamond mountain bike? haggard is definitely a movie that in overall humor is only rivaled by anchorman and napoleon dynamite."haggard: the movie" is well written, well directed, and well acted. there are many laugh out loud moments and some terrific skateboarding scenes featuring margera. the scenes of west chester, pa are filmed beautifully and the script is just downright funny. what i like about the movie is that instead of being another sappy love story or another version of "jackass", it takes a darkly funny look at break-ups from a different perspective. most break-up films feature a naive woman jilted by a cheating man. she then goes on to find mr. right and gets to tell her cheating ex to get lost. this movie takes a look at the emotional roller-coaster of a jilted man... without taking itself too seriously. ryan dunn does an excellent job as the jilted man and with bam margera and brandon dicamillo as your best friends trying to help you through this rough time, how can you take anything too seriously? it is obvious that margera and co. are incredibly talented both behind and in front of the camera. i look forward to their future films and endeavors.i saw this movie with hopes of a good laugh but when i watched it i didn't stop laughing for weeks, they are such bad actors and it made this movie so much funnier to watch. ( btw ryan dunn didn't eat the toy car, he shoved it up his ass) the random appearances from the skaters and vitos parts were great. gimme some grapes vito.! no valo, your grapes are at the store. i wouldn't recommend any one under 13 to watch it, frankly they wouldn't understand half of the jokes in or what they are talking about. i love vlb and after watching this movie i couldn't help but go buy it or the viva la bam series. what is the deal with this stupid comment thing? it has to be 10 lines what kind of bull-sh1t is that? i should be able to write one as long or in this case as short as i want. i'm just going to keep typing until it tells me i can actually send it. its just a waste of time, i expected to just say what i wanted, it wasn't too much but then i'm told i have to keep putting more in and then it corrects my spelling, so what if i didn't spell something right, you get what i mean still. this is ridiculously long.<br /><br />~those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't~barbara stanwyck is a sheer delight in this wartime comedy, about a sailor invited to spend christmas with a popular magazine writer's family, at her farm in connecticut. the problem is she has no husband, baby, or farm, as she writes about in her column, and she can't even cook; her wonderful recipes being provided for her by her good friend " uncle" felix, owner of a hungarian restaurant in new york city.<br /><br />things get even more complicated when her strict publisher boss invites himself along for christmas. a scheme is hastily planned, with her stuffy fiancã© providing an actual connecticut farm, neighbors providing a borrowed baby, and a quick wedding planned when the publisher isn't looking. but when the handsome young sailor arrives on christmas eve, romantic complications ensue, as the supposedly married author falls like a ton of bricks for the nice guy navy man and vice versa.<br /><br />this is a charming, warm film that deftly balances humor with sentiment and is a wonderful showcase for barbara stanwyck to display her considerable comedic talent, aided by such marvelous character actors as sydney greenstreet, una o'connor, s.z.sakall, and many others. a christmas night dance at the town hall is a toe tapping delight to see, and the unexpectedly sweet and feminine side of stanwyck is a wonderful surprise, for viewers who have seen her mainly as tough, bitchy women in femme fatale roles. truly a wonderful film that has stood the test of time.for a moment, let's put aside the cultural aspects of this movie, even if it is a very important side of it, and let's look at the simple fact that this is a very nice love story. two individuals find themselves in a difficult situation, caused by two selfish husbands. they have to live through their sad days without any ray of hope. if each one of these two women had been alone, imagine what kind of life each one would have had to accept. they found each other and they fell in love. that this love was against all the social, religious and cultural laws of their environment is almost irrelevant. they loved each other, found relief in each other, that was sufficient. the reaction of the individuals around them is but a small fact that they have to accept, suffer even, and then they can go on with their lives, their life. very nice.one word for it. hilarious. i haven't watched at movie like this in a long time. at points in the movie, i totally forgot it was a movie, i just felt like i was back watching viva la bam, or even watching say, my own friend going through something like this. it was realistic and i liked how bam, ryan, raab, rake, and brandon and the rest of the guys didn't try to hard too actually act. they, to me, were just acting like their famous idiot selves. there were a few scenes that i adored more than others, like raab in the shower, holy, i laughed so hard. he honestly was probably my favourite character besides bam's. he really, in my opinion, made the movie just a bit more hilarious. it's basically a must see for any fans of the cky crew:]i loved this movie and i watch it everyday. i think that although the acting isn't all that great, it's really just a bunch of guys having fun with a script. i had been looking all over for this movie, for almost a year, and when i found it for thirty dollars, i just had to get it. it is now, by far my favorite movie of all time. it deals with relationship failure, and at the same time making a joke of it. i loved all the parts with don vito, especially the one where valo asks him for a grape when they're sitting on the porch, and he tells him to eat the one rolling down the porch. it really portrays him as he really is. the part in the "making of" really touched me, when they adressed brandon novak's addiction to heroin, and how much his friends and family were trying to help him. a new movie that's in the making, called "dreamseller," is in production, which is about the story of novak's dreams, shattered by his addiction.when i first heard of this movie, i was mildly interested. the plot seemed like an opportunity for hilarity and bam margera as an actor and director seemed like something that might be good. when i found out the movie starred ryan dunn, i was even further interested (i was a fan of homewrecker when it was on... yeah, i'm that lame). however, i didn't have much faith in it being to good. when i sat down to watch it, i was afraid i was wasting my time.<br /><br />but even just five minutes it it became apparent that i'd been wrong.<br /><br />i thought that the comedy of this film was delightfully idiotic, and definitely not suited for all kinds of people. the acting was rather good, much better than my expectations. i thought that it was rather easy to relate to ryan's character, which gave the movie a center that was believable. this is key in a movie as outrageous as this (and is probably why i was not a fan of borat).<br /><br />the movie is not suitable at all for younger people, duh, and will definitely create more than it's fair share of awkward turtles if watched with parents. but it's a good one for you and your buddies on a movie night.i didn't know what to expect from this. i always considered bam margera and the cky crew a team of knuckle heads devoted to to doing stupid things for entertainment. i didn't know that they could act. but everyone who acted in this movie pulled off good performances. the hilarity of the 'aaaaagh!' scene mixes in with ryan dunn's depression and his revenge against his ex-girlfriend perfectly. at times the movie some scenes seem pointless but at the same time they're funny. i recommend this to anyone who likes a good laugh but this film may not appeal to those that prefer detailed story lines and a series of twists and turns.i first saw this movie at a video store and, being the bam margera fan i am, had to rent it to see what it was all about. since i have a huge and stupid (note the word stupid) sense of humor, i found this movie absolutely hilarious. some of the parts are pointless and random, but that's what makes them so amusing. you'll need to think things like getting slapped in the face and bashed on the head with a watermelon are funny in order to appreciate this movie. i was really impressed.<br /><br />i was also surprised at the acting. these people actually did a good job. nothing oscar worthy, but well enough to get past the amateur level. teens and young adults would probably find this more entertaining because of the modern slang and situations used. i wouldn't suggest watching this with your parents and vice versa.<br /><br />all in all, the acting was great, the script was hilarious, and the story is really something you can relate to.the movie haggard is one of the funniest movies of all time. it features the cast from cky (the movies) and also has a great soundtrack. if you have seen any cky or viva la bam you will notice that everybody (from those two) are in it. including bam's parents and many other people.<br /><br />the story is about ryan dunn's girlfriend glauren (jennifer rivall) cheating on him, and him trying to get back at her. he does this by having valo (bam) and falcone (dicamillo) vandalize her house. there are many different characters with many different stories.<br /><br />there is great music on the soundtrack. bands such as him & her, cky, gnar kill, daniel lioneye. iggy and the stooges pop, and new order. <br /><br />if you do not like viva la bam or cky (the movies) i doubt you will like this. if you do like that stuff...this movie is great.if you are looking for a movie that doesn't take itself seriously... than haggard is for you. i must say before i write anything more, that if you have not seen any of the cky (camp kill yourself) videos than the movie most likely won't be as funny. my advice is to watch a few clips of those videos that bam and his friends made. haggard does not take itself seriously at all, and that was never the purpose. throughout the movie you will have random moments that have nothing to do with the plot, which may get annoying but its nothing that is out of control. even through all that the plot does stay focused and the story of ryan dunn's character does unfold quite nicely. this plot i have been told is based off a true story (for the most part)of ryan dunn's ex-girlfriend. brandon dicamillo is by far the best character in the movie. he has a lot of talent and knows how to make people laugh. he stole the movie if you ask me. overall i love this movie for its simplicity and straight up weirdness. its a bam movie people, its not going to be normal. haggard is filled with hilarious quotes that my friends and i constantly used since the first time we saw it. i've seen the movie 6-7 times and still find new things every time. the soundtrack is just as good. everything from gnar kill to new order and some techno. just don't go into the movie with high expectations, let it all unfold and then judge it for what it is.if you have ever seen a bollywood movie, you know they are longer than most movies due to the multiple song and dance routines (each one is over five minutes long). fortunately, this one has fewer song and dance routines and fits into the "standard" movie length. don't get me wrong, i like bollywood movies, but tend to fast forward through the song and dance portions. i bought this dvd because i am an ian bohen fan. although his role wasn't as large as i hoped, he still had a good amount of screen time. and his character was much different than his other roles.<br /><br />overall, this was a good movie. like most bollywood movies, there is at least one element of controversy/conflict of the traditional indian culture. but true love triumphs over adversity and a happy ending is had by all.i just finished watching marigold today and i'll begin by saying that i found this dvd on the shelves of blockbuster. while strolling around looking for something new and good to watch, the picture of ali larter caught my attention.<br /><br />after drooling over ali larter, i picked up the cover and continued to glance around the cover. from the looks of it, i thought the costumes were a bit over the top. and then i saw the other indians on the cover and figured this was some kind of spoof film or something like that.<br /><br />when i flipped over the the synopsis part and saw salman khan, i did a double take. salman khan in an american film with ali larter in a dvd at blockbuster? because salman khan is to bollywood films like mel gibson is to hollywood films, i had very high expectations for this film: it had to be good! i am very pleased to say that marigold is a phenomenal film! it far exceeded any and all of my personal expectations!<br /><br />i suppose a film like this is what happens when you have a decent script, a talented, experienced, knowledgeable and goal oriented director, two incredible actors playing the lead roles and just a very hard working supporting cast and crew! khan and larter appear to have really great chemistry together and both shine on the big screen: they look really good together. the musical numbers weren't bad at all, which was surprising, considering how cheesy and long indian films' musicals are these days. and you'll be happy to know that the indian costumes are very far from being cheesy as you'll get.<br /><br />the beginning of the film was kind of slow, the middle was really good, the scenes leading to the climax were pretty dramatic, but the ending was just awesome! i have a few gripes and complaints about the dvd, however. while i loved the widescreen aspect ratio of the dvd, i didn't like the fact that several other things were left out of the dvd. for starters, there are no subtitles. now english being my first language, it's not a problem. however, when some of the indian actors and actresses spoke, it was (at times) difficult to understand what they were saying; captioning would have helped.<br /><br />another thing that i would have appreciated on the dvd would be a blooper reel or some kind of collection of outtakes. and lastly, how about a menu feature that would allow us to skip right to the musical numbers? man, some of those songs were really good! on the flip side, i throughly enjoyed watching the making of marigold.<br /><br />i have tons more to say regarding the awesomeness of this film and how much i liked it, but i don't have the time nor do i want to keep on writing why i enjoyed it so much. i hope that salman khan does more english films in addition to his hindi films and i certainly hope this hindi film will not be ali larter's last bollywood film. and i encourage the director to continue making bollywood film hybrids featuring salman khan, ali larter and other big name actors - just make sure the scripts are original and good.<br /><br />10/10 - this is just a great love story film that your entire family can enjoy!i had no expectations (never saw previews for "marigold") and enjoyed the characters, contemporary music, and sharp dancing in this light-hearted movie. even though 98% of the dialog is english (great thing for me), i wish the dvd had subtitles to help with some of the quick moments when the character's accent can be difficult to understand. i wouldn't judge this movie against bollywood films, but just on it's own merits as fun entertainment (a musical people movie).<br /><br />i'm hooked on ali larter as an actress (and her interviews in the bonus material indicate she is a nice person). i have since watched this movie several times (gets better each time).personally, i don't like a lot of b/w movies, but there's something magical about this movie. <br /><br />the movie starts with elizabeth lane (barbara stanwyck). "liz" writes a magazine column about how she's the 'martha stewart' of connecticut. of course, she's lying. this becomes a problem when her publisher, mr yardley, asks her to play host to a navy sailor over christmas. in addition, mr yardley, who's going to be alone for christmas, invites himself up to the farm for the christmas party. from there, things just go crazy.<br /><br />since the movie is set on a new england farm, the movie has a warm holiday feeling. plus, the characters are hilarious. mr. yardley is always shouting orders, and liz's friend felix is always yelling 'catastroph!' when things go wrong. finally, the movie ends the way a christmas movie should end; a jolly fat man laughs and shouts "what a christmas!" <br /><br />in short, no matter what age you are, you will love this movie.mention bollywood to anyone with a slight familiarity with the genre and the images usually conjured up are of tacky, over the top musical numbers peopled with costuming that makes vegas seem a bastion of conservatism. this perception is not helped by the whiff of condescension that permeates most movies that have approached bollywood from an outsider's perspective. willard carroll's romantic comedy marigold, however takes a different tack. it is not a nudge-nudge wink-wink look at those silly people and their clueless antics but a sincere appreciation of bollywood for its vitality, its lack of irony and self-consciousness.<br /><br />it is obvious that the director has a tremendous affection and respect for bollywood while at the same time is bemused by its kitschier aspects. and if you have a familiarity with bollywood, you can appreciate what he does here in making a true hybrid of bollywood and hollywood movie conventions. from one of the opening shots, a flashback of the salman character as a child by the sea, talking with his grandmother (played by helen! - how many salman movies start with this same premise?) to the flashback sequence that is incorporated into the movie that marigold and prem has been filming, anyone who has seen enough bollywood movies will recognize these references. the story itself incorporates tried and true conventions from both hollywood and bollywood as well â? the fish out of water meets duty-to-one's-family-at the expense of personal fulfillment. the structure of the film follows the typical bollywood plot line of the more comical set up of the first half giving way to a more dramatic resolution of the second. yet ultimately the sensibility of the film is that of hollywood, with its understated, wry humor and its story of a woman learning to believe in herself, to reach self-affirmation.<br /><br />you couldn't have a movie inspired by bollywood if there weren't any musical numbers and this movie does not disappoint with seven of them. unlike bollywood, however, the songs do not pop out of nowhere and transport its characters to a european locale or goan beach; they exist as musical numbers that are part of the film that is being made, reminiscent of how musical numbers were justified in busby berkeley movies as being part of a stage show. or they come out of a situation where music already has a reason to be there â? a sexy nightclub scene where prem teaches marigold to dance or a beach scene where there are musicians (including a cameo from the playback singer shaan) performing. all reflect the emotional state of the protagonists at that point in the movie. often the music will take a conventional song from one genre and put a twist on it from the other. so in one of the highlights of the film where marigold comes into her own, the song picturazation is fairly typical of its genre â? the female star singing and dancing among a line of women â? but in this case it's blond ali larter looking like a total natural bollywood film star, emoting and lip synching to the hindi lyrics with no subtitles.<br /><br />also synonymous with bollywood are sumptuous visuals and marigold fulfills that aspect beautifully thanks to some of the top talent working in bollywood today. the cinematographer is anil mehta who was also the cinematographer for lagaan and hum dil de chuke sanam. the choreographer is vaibhavi merchant and production designer is nitin desai, both from hum dil de chuke sanam and devdas. you can really see the influence of hum dil de chuke sanam on this film â? in fact, the illuminated floor in one of the numbers was originally from dholi taro dhol, which coincidentally has an embedded marigold pattern.<br /><br />as for the cast, carroll obviously has a penchant for spotting acting talent as evidenced by playing by heart â? one of the first movies for both angelina jolie and ryanne phillippe. and in this film he again hits the mark with ali larter. one of the main reasons the film works is because of larter. she makes a bitchy, unappealing character sympathetic and her subsequent transformation believable and she is smart, funny, and sexy because she is smart and funny. she and salman share excellent chemistry and that is one of the film's biggest strengths.<br /><br />salman khan plays the role of prince charming here as filtered through his iconic role as prem. this is old school prem, however, so expect a quiet, subdued salman - those used to him in his usual stripping avatar may be disappointed â? or relieved! it's a sincere and sensitive performance from him marred only by poor enunciation of his english lines.<br /><br />with a refreshing lack of cynicism and unabashed embrace of romantic love, the film is a love letter to bollywood and hollywood movies of yore.i saw marigold at a preview showing a few days ago, and found it to be a thoroughly engrossing and enjoyable film. the film is about a not-so-successful american actress who goes to india to act in a low budget film, only to find herself stranded there when she finds on arrival that the film's financing has vanished, along with the producers and investors. a chance encounter with an indian film shooting nearby leads her to be hired for a small dancer role in that. since indian films incorporate a significant amount of singing and dancing, this is a problem for marigold, who has two left feet, not to mention a personality so tightly wound-up and thorny that she can hardly hear the music, let alone feel it, as prem, the choreographer of the film, advices her to do.<br /><br />but "prem" -- the word, not the person -- means "love", and prem -- the person, not the word -- seems to embody that emotion in the way he deals with all around him, whether it be his production assistant friends who introduced marigold to the shoot, the narcissistic and arrogant leads of the film, or the bitchy and uptight marigold herself. soon, under his expert tutelage and endearing treatment, marigold finds her feet -- literally and figuratively.<br /><br />i must say a word for those not familiar with the use of song and dance in indian films. unlike american musicals, the story progresses through these dance numbers, as plot developments unfold, and character transformations occur in parallel with the dancing. it should also be pointed out that indian dance is about a lot more than mere movement. an essential part of it is the enactment of the dancer's feelings and emotions while telling the story of the dance. this is the main purpose of the dance and the dancer.<br /><br />that marigold reaches this stage of accomplishment is demonstrated in a stunning dance number about midway through, when marigold, while performing the dance she is required to do for the film-within-the-film, also expresses her love for prem. it is an amazing performance by ali larter, especially when one considers that she is not used to dancing in her films, or emoting her character's feelings via dance. it shows her skill as an actress, as well as how much hard work she has put into the role.<br /><br />of course no romantic film can work without a credible prince charming. salman khan, who plays the role of prem, fits the role to a t. even when it turns out that he is a prince not so charming, he does not lose the audience's sympathy. salman has been ruling hindi cinema (sometimes called bollywood) for many years now, and it is worth remembering that his first leading role was also as prem. he is completely charming, sweet, adorable, sexy, and vulnerable. for those who have never encountered him on screen before, be prepared to be hit with mega doses of sheer magnetism! he and ali larter make a lovely pair, and are as well matched in their acting as in their appearance.<br /><br />will they manage to work out their problems? it doesn't seem possible as we hear the last song of the film, a lovely blending of fact and fantasy, reality and metaphor. the ending certainly took some of the audience i saw it with by surprise, but they were left satisfied. the songs are used very cleverly. they are in hindi, unsubtitled, for the film-within-the-film sequences, and in english for other occasions. but their meaning is always clear from the context and choreography.<br /><br />marigold is a very satisfying romantic comedy -- yes, there is quite a bit of humor as well in it. the indian locations and costumes give it a fairy tale quality, befitting a story which can be likened to a modern fairy tale.<br /><br />if you are or have been curious about indian cinema, but were hesitant to try it, this is an excellent introduction. it captures the color and vibrancy of indian films, not only in the costumes and jewelry (which are quite impressive), but also in the lively dances and world sound music.<br /><br />if you are a fan of ali larter, you should watch it for her excellent acting in portraying a selfish, demanding, "high-maintanance" woman who nevertheless has an inner attraction that inspires the love of two men. if you are a girl, you will enjoy admiring ali's lovely costumes and ogling her hunk of a leading man. if you are a guy, you can not only admire ali in her sexy costumes, but learn from salman khan what it takes to bring out the loving heart even from someone as edgy as marigold.marigold is by far the best "outsider's" take on bollywood i have ever seen. (i didn't grow up with bollywood, but i've seen a few hundred of them now.) i'd say it leaves gurinder chadha, mira nair, and even merchant and ivory (of bombay talkie) almost in the dust. willard carroll, the director, really loves bollywood, and he has the self-confidence to allow us to know it - there's humor, but no arch, ironic distancing, no "of course i don't really mean this" stuff. as jerry lee lewis would say, he "gets it," and so he can let us have it too - the joy of a bollywood movie experience, along with touches that are supplied by a westerner's stepping into the story-teller's role.<br /><br />it's a story about a caustic, bitchy, beautiful american b movie actress (she's only been in movies with numbers in their titles, like fatal attraction 3) who finds herself in a different bollywood movie from the one she went to india to be in (kama sutra 3 has folded its tents while she was en route, apparently because its producers are now in jail). salman khan, in real life a bollywood mega-mega star, is the dancing master of the delightful written-on-the-fly movie she has now been pulled into ("is this before or after i go blind?"), and through the sweetness of his mildly psychically gifted character, she learns more than how to find her inner ecstatic dancing ability.<br /><br />the strong beginning gives you both bollywood - a super-energetic troupe of dancers in front of the taj mahal (both funny an familiar to the western viewer, as well as providing the high-velocity musical thrill we love in a hindi movie), and salman on screen from the outset - no bollywood 20 minute wait for the hero. he has on an indian costume embellished with kit carson-style western movie fringe (all in white).<br /><br />ali larter's actress character is pleasing to the western viewer - she's blonde, which is "traditional" for a "white" person in a bollywood movie, and visually understandable casting - but she's a robust girl, not the ethereal kind of blondie we're usually presented with, and she's a more or less three-dimensional total bitch, carrying on profane and abusive cell-phone conversations with a boyfriend and agent in the us.<br /><br />we also have scenes of women who are having problems with each other going out to a bar to deal with them - the capacity for people not getting along to relate and have emotional conversations is traditional in hindi movies, but we seldom see much of any such thing going on between women (other than the discussion between mother and daughter about the daughter's choice of groom), let alone "strangers" - unrelated people - let alone bar-going. so the spirit is the same, the details are fresh, and i was completely delighted by this.<br /><br />i only saw it once, at a preview showing, attended by the director, a fine speaker and question-answerer - he and salman got to be "brother-like" good friends over the making of it, he loves india, he has plans to make a wizard of oz movie in india. i can't get too detailed about songs when i've seen them just once, except to say i liked them all. they range from a happy parody of the bollywood number in the movie-within-the-movie - the ladies' costumes, with leghorn hats and seashell-cased bodices (it's a beach scene) on flowy dresses - are worth the cost of a ticket alone -- to a lovely reflective many-scened romantic song in a sadder and more serious part of the movie.<br /><br />mix of hindi and english in the music, and it works.<br /><br />salman khan gets a lot of credit from me for openness to unusual projects - this and jaan-e-mann - and good judgment about which ones to be in. carroll said he was full of suggestions and ideas all along the way, and totally fine (i.e. not narcissistic at all) whether carroll accepted or rejected them - clearly just a pro who loves being involved and collaborating.it's a unique film, as it gives us our only chance to see the young noel coward in all his ironic glory. because he seems so reserved & detached he's perfect for the role of an unloved cad who matter-of-factly uses all those around him. however in the deadly serious (no pun intended) last act, when coward must make like the flying dutchman, he's much less comfortable.<br /><br />but his way with an epigram is peerless, and hecht & macarthur have given him some gems (macarthur, really -- he was the wit of the pair).<br /><br />the film is superbly lighted by the great lee garmes, but has little camera movement aside from a storm sequence. hecht and macarthutr cared about one thing -- getting their dialogue on screen. (note: h&m themselves have blink-and-you'll-miss-'em cameos as bums in the flophouse scene).<br /><br />the most notable supporting player is the one and only alexander woolcott, notorious broadway columnist and close friend of both macarthur and coward, who appears as one of the bitchy authors always kept waiting in the reception room of publisher coward.<br /><br />curious that woolcott would agree to do a film that clearly lampoons the legendary algonquin round table, of which he was a founder, and macarthur something of an auxiliary member.<br /><br />the scoundrel actually won an oscar for best story, though that victory is probably due more to coward's imposing presence than any brilliance in the plot. it's coward, woolcott, and the dialogue you remember...i saw this film over 20 years ago and still remember how much i loved it. it really touched me, and i thoroughly enjoyed noel coward's work in it. highly recommended: atmospheric and touching.<br /><br />i think of this film from time to time, and am disappointed it hasn't enjoyed as much of a revival as many classic films. hadn't realized til i searched for it today that it won an academy award for best original story for ben hecht and charles macarthur.<br /><br />basically it involves a nasty character who destroys another's career and is cursed because of it. he dies, but is allowed redemption if he can convince someone to shed a tear over him. the bulk of the movies shows him in pursuit of this goal. well written and lovely. i had known him for his plays so i was surprised to see him in this role on tv late one night in new york. a must see if you ever have the opportunity.***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** it's easy to see why the script for this film won an oscar. at least during the first half. my head was spinning from all of the snappy lines whizzing by. noel coward plays a new york publisher (`why don't you publish books that you like?' - `what? and corrupt the public?') who charms and manipulates his many hangers-on. then he dies in a plane crash and the story turns into a bizarre flying dutchman take-off in which coward must find someone who truly mourns him before his soul can rest in peace. very enjoyable until it gets bizarre. viewed at cinefest in syracuse in march 2003.noel coward is perfectly cast as a suave, vain, selfish well educated, upper class publisher. the literary crowd that congregates at his office is equally lacking in depth and seems concerned only with their status and success. they constantly meet at noel coward's publishing office in the hope of gaining favor for their next book and to make sure they are not left out on the latest gossip in the artistic realm.<br /><br />cora is a young idealist and poet who believes her love can change noel coward and that they can establish a long lasting relationship. she ends her relationship with her fiancã© to become noel's lover. however noel returns to his playboy ways after 6 months and ends the relationship. this breaks cora's heart and she eventually returns to her fiancã© who has since lost his job and self respect after losing cora.<br /><br />the story picks up when noel coward leaves new york city by plane chasing after a new lover, a concert pianist who is just as shallow as he is. however a storm is encountered and the plane crashes into the sea killing noel. god takes pity on him and grants him one month on earth to find someone who will cry for him, otherwise he is condemned to wander the earth, never to find rest, for all eternity.<br /><br />the climax takes place on a dim, rainy night and ends with a prayer and a miracle. a strange redemption occurs. the death experience teaches noel the true values of life, although his former associate artists are incapable of understanding his message.<br /><br />the film has beautiful music and the scenes are classic film noir. unfortunately it is not on dvd or vhs. for those who enjoy this type of movie it is a classic masterpiece. noel coward's dialog is sharp and witty and no one could play the part better."the piano teacher" is all about huppert's character; a middle-aged classical piano instructor with a stoic facade behind which lurks a powerfully compelling aberrant personality. unsatisfying as a story but intriguing as a character study, the film follows the huppert character through the term of her anguished relationship with a pupil delivering superb performances in the process. not for everyone, "the piano teacher" will play best with those into foreign films and character-driven dramas dealing with dark issues. (a-)this film is utterly amazing. from the performances of huppert, girardot, and magimel, to haneke's screenplay and direction there is not a single misstep. the film may put some people off with it's hard sexual subject matter and with it's slower pace, but it really is a masterful piece of cinema... so do not let it's challenging ways keep you away!<br /><br />powerful, and deserving every award it won in cannes!be prepared for the trip to haneke's "la pianiste"...the psychological sickness of the main character, wonderfully played by huppert, goes beyond any limit you could expect. the most stunning part of it is that you start feeling compassion for the character erika. trash-sexuality (no nudes scenes though), perversion, masochism, incestuous relations...haneke gives us a crude meal, heavy to digest; sometimes, the only way you can escape the extremism of some scenes is to start laughing at it. the "mise en scã¨ne" is maybe not the most appealing part of the movie, it has obvious austro-germanic, sometimes scandinavian notes : static, long scenes, but never boring. the vienna settings, the french language used, make the whole look like a european blend. the permanent germanic music background (schubert) is beautifully chosen. above all, both of the cannes awards for best actors are well deserved: one of the greatest performance of the year by one of the greatest french actress ever.this film is one of my favorite christmas classics. sure, it's fluff, it's not "relevant", but when did movies being simply entertaining and fun become a bad thing? no, this movie is definitely "a good thing" as martha stewart(appropriately)would say! barbara stanwyck is so appealing in this film and dennis morgan perfectly compliments her. both of them have charm and warmth to spare. they are assisted by a crew of those incredible character actors who seem to have disappeared since the 40's and 50's--sydney greenstreet, s.z.(cuddles)sakall, reginald gardiner and una o'connor among them. where are characters like this today? not one role could have been better cast. bette davis thankfully refused this role as beneath her and she was right to refuse it. she would have attempted to steam roll over everyone and everything around her and completely destroyed the film. stanwyck was a strong actress, but had the wisdom to play this lightly. she has seldom been more appealing and is pitch perfect. morgan is the essence of the nice guy. because his part is the least splashy there is a tendency to overlook his skill. just the fact that he could hold his own surrounded by such distinct character actors is an accomplishment in itself, but he too is absolutely perfect as jefferson jones. skip the ill advised(and pointless)1992 remake and watch this bright, sparkling holiday gift!i have seen this movie, just once, and i'm looking forward to see it again and again. dear david (from beligium), why did you bother to write a comment on this movie? i only think we can think about you (after reading you comment), is that you're provably a non-sexual person (like erika in the movie), and you are not ready for the new cinema that is coming up. i guess you are a bit old, and sexual expression is not part of your "visage". the cannes film festival is by far the best movie festival, and i'm is my pleasure to say, that this film was awarded with: best actress, best actor and grand prix. isabelle huppert is magnificent, as always, who would do this movie like her? one of her best performances ever. the music is fantastic, and once more michael haneke puts reality in the big screen. it's like a dogma95 kind of movie, because of the topic. try to see it.<br /><br />yes, i felt like i had been gutted after first seeing it. but not until the next day did i begin to see the true brilliance of this creation. i won't repeat much of what has already been said by those who appreciate the film, but there is one new area i want to touch on... **spoilers** why exactly did the teacher put the broken glass in the student's pocket? most reviewers have noted that it only reflected her cruelty and reaction to an unsatisfactory performance. i must disagree. watch the scene again. huppert is moved to tears as she watches her student playing on stage. the student is quite an expressive girl (crying & vocalizing her fears)- just the opposite of huppert's character. there is a scene later in the film, after the girl is injured, when huppert discusses the accident with the girl's mother. the mother, visibly upset, states "we gave up everything so she could study piano" and huppert immediately snaps "you mean she gave up everything, don't you."<br /><br />so it was my thought that huppert was simply saving this young expressive student from her own destiny. she didn't want the girl to end up like her, repressed & hardened, condemned to a life of recitals...gradually killing the soul in the pursuit of perfection. maybe she saw herself on the stage years ago, before things grew bad. maybe she wished she had escaped when she was that age. is she ruining the student's life, or simply freeing her?<br /><br />for me, that realization made all the difference in what i experienced through this film. brilliant.this movies made me suffer and i loved it! loved it! it haunted me for days. i think erika is the kind of character you simultaneously loathe and lament. the most terrifying sex scene ever caught on film. this is the best of haneke's work so far. he is the only living director to redefine pace since kubrick. the violence in this film is gorgeous. in a word, the film is about self-hatred. in a sentence, the film is about trying to find love in order to stop hating yourself and finding that that is a hopeless hope.reading through the comments, there seems to be a lot of nonsense about the emotional banality of la pianiste. i find this hard to comprehend given the outstanding performance by isabelle huppert. huppert is gripping - she manages to convey perfectly the woman on the edge, full of self-hate and delusion.<br /><br />the film is wonderfully paced and judged. it would be so easy to portray the lead as a ridiculous figure - consider the scene in the porn store for instance. somehow, huppert is able to carry it off, partly because of her brilliant performance but also because the director makes her surreal life real and identifiable.<br /><br />don't ignore this film. it is one of the most startling and engaging films (and performances) i have seen.<br /><br />trust boris!if it is true that sadomasochism is a two-sided coin which contains the whole in the diverse expression of its opposites, then the cinematic portrait of erika kohut has its reality. professor kohut treats her piano students with a kind of fascist sadism while longing for the same for herself. her outward expression projects her desire. that is why she can hurt without guilt or remorse.<br /><br />along comes talented, charming, handsome young walter klemmer (benoit magimel) who is attracted to her because of her passion and her intensity. he wants to become her student so as to be close to her. she rejects him out of hand, but because of his talent the vienna conservatory votes him in. he falls in love with her. again she pushes him away, but he will not take no for an answer, and thereby begins his own descent into depravity and loss of self-respect.<br /><br />the question the viewer might ask at this point is, who is in control? the sadist or the masochist? indeed who is the sadist and who the masochist? it is hard to tell. is it the person who has just been greatly abused both psychologically and physically, who is actually lying wounded on the floor in grotesque triumphant and fulfillment, or is it the person who is rushing out the door, sated, giving the order that no one is to know what happened.<br /><br />but erika is not just a sadomasochistic freak. she is a sex extreme freak. she wants to experience the extremes of human sexuality while maintaining the facade of respectability. actually that isn't even true. she says she doesn't care what others think. she doesn't care if they walk in and find her bleeding on the floor because she is in love. love, she calls it. for her sex and love are one and the same.<br /><br />at one point walter tells her that love isn't everything. how ironic such a superfluity is to her. how gratuitous the comment.<br /><br />the movie is beautifully cut and masterfully directed by michael haneke who spins the tale with expert camera work and carefully constructed sets in which the essence of the action is not just clear but exemplified (as in the bathroom when walter propels himself high above the top of the stall to find erika within). he also employs a fine positioning of the players so that they are always where they should be with well timed cuts from one angle to another. this is particularly important in the scene in which erika, like a blood-drained corpse caught in stark white and black light, lies under her lover, rigid as stone. here for the most part we only see her face and the stark outline of her neck with its pulsating artery. we don't need to see any more.<br /><br />the part of erika kohut is perfect for isabelle huppert who is not afraid of extremes; indeed she excels in them. i have seen her in a number of movies and what she does better than almost anyone is become the character body and soul. like the woman she plays in this movie she is unafraid of what others may think and cares little about her appearance in a decorative sense. what matters to her is the performance and the challenge. no part is too demanding. no character too depraved. it's as if huppert wants to experience all of humanity, and wants us to watch her as she does. she is always fascinating and nearly flawless. she is not merely a leading light of the french cinema; she is one of the great actresses of our time who has put together an amazingly diverse body of work.<br /><br />i think it is highly instructive and affords us a wonderful and striking contrast to compare her performance here with her performance in the lacemaker (la dentelliã¨re) from 1977 when she was 22 years old. there she was apple sweet in her red hair and freckles and her pretty face and her cute little figure playing pomme, a parisian apprentice hairdresser. her character was shy about sex and modest--just an ordinary french girl who hoped one day to be a beautician. here she is a self-destructive witch, bitter with hateful knowledge of herself, shameless and entirely depraved.<br /><br />huppert is fortunate in being an actress in france where there are parts like this for women past the age of starlets. (hollywood could never make a movie like this.) in the american cinema, only a handful of the very best and hardest working actresses can hope to have a career after the age of about thirty. huppert greatly increases her exposure because of her ability and range, but also because she is willing to play unsympathetic roles, here and also in la cã©rã©monie (1995) in which she plays a vile, spiteful murderess.<br /><br />do see this for isabelle huppert. you won't forget her or the character she brings to life.overall i found this film good: exceptional acting with disturbing scenes (some essential, some useless) and weak second half. contains spoilers the film is divided in 2 parts. i thought the first half of the pianist was terrific. we meet erika kohut (wonderful isabelle huppert), a piano teacher, and get introduced to her world. she is single, struggling to find her space against an over-protective and borderline tyrannic mother. we understand that she has lost or has seldom experienced love as a physical+emotional chemistry: she protects herself by being sharp and offensive to people, releases her sexual tensions in sex-shops, as a voyeur, or in sadistic self-mutilations ... this first half is very clinical and builds an incredible tension in the film, almost unbearable.<br /><br />then comes walter, a young, handsome and outgoing man (played superbly by benoit magimel). though he gets to feel erika's coldness in the beginning, he seduces her and slowly wreaks erika's fortress. he loves her deeply but she needs him to fulfil her sadistic desires. then when she is about to fall for him, he is disgusted by her world and in the end we discover that erika is unable to love or feel at all (especially since walter is portrayed as someone impossible not to love). this is the second half of the film, very touching as we see erika's inability/inexperience to love lead her to self-destruction. this second half seemed less mastered by haneke, and sometimes had non-credible (ie. too shocking) scenes which paradoxically lessened the drama.<br /><br />of course, this is a crude film at least in the french version: you see porn sequences from the sex shop, daring mutilation and sex scenes. the much talked-about fellatio scene between magimel and huppert was quite good i thought, and is central to understand erika's sick relation to love. as to the actors, huppert is marvelous all through the film, magimel gets better and better up to perfection, and girardot (the mother) is excellent.<br /><br />first of all, i must say that i love this film.<br /><br />it was the first film that i saw from director micheal haneke and i was impressed that how good the direction was good !<br /><br />haneke surely knows how to direct actors. what i found intresting is also haneke's scenario. at first, you saw a woman who is very straight and seems to be a good piano teacher and very well loved and respected from everybody in her entourage. then you realise that she has a mother who is a controle freak and is too much present in her life. now you know that she is deranged, that she has emotional problems, but you don't know exactly what. and then you fall into her dark side, but her dark side is only reveal when a student sendenly fall in love with her. she can't controled herself anymore.<br /><br />the roles are very complexed and difficult to play, but isabelle huppert is marvellous in her role and she deserves the recognition she had at cannes festival. benoit maginel is very solid too, but a little bit eclipse by huppert's performance.<br /><br />there is one thing that i found strange in the scenario is how the character played by magimel is not very credible. he is too talented! it is rare that a person is a piano virtuoso, but pass the most of the his time to play hockey and study... it think that it is a weak point, but only a minor flaw.<br /><br />i just saw the movie once, so i can't do a very complete critic, because i didn't analysed the movie. i like what i saw ! so i give the film a 8.5/10<br /><br />oh yeah... as for the end, haneke showed that he really wanted to shock his audience. a motivation that don't think is necessary to make movies, but haneke does it with style and precision, that is why his film is better than baise-moi for example.<br /><br />vincei totally disagree with the comments of one of the critics before me who bashed the film. having read the book, being impressed by it although this is a kind of literature that you cannot really like (similar to hubert selby's writing) i expected being shocked but the effect was more subtle than this. isabelle hubert is a brilliant actress who manages to convey a multi-layered character. there are many scenes that totally focus on her and her subtle changes and i can imagine few actresses who would do so well, with so much disregard for their own reputation or image. there is this coldness, distance, cruelty and at the same time there's this helplessness, hurt and pain. there's a person who's in control and controlled at the same time. maybe this is not realistic - although when you read the newspaper you'll read about much worse than this - but there's a truth to it that is very difficult to bear. i think it's an excellent film but i did not enjoy watching it.it's not boring but there are times when i wished it would end. btw, her male counterpart is very well acted as well (and i think well chosen, too).isabelle huppert portrays a talented female piano teacher who is staid, unfriendly and distant in public, and bitter towards her students. privately, she seethes with violence and frustration, and her sexual life is solitary and perverse. she lives with her overbearing mother, who obsessively drives her to become noticed (and so advance in life) as a talented pianist. the key to the characters of both mother and daughter is 'obsession.' these characters cannot change their impulses anymore than a rabbit caught in headlights can avoid death.<br /><br />the piano teacher meets a young, attractive, talented pianist who from the beginning is attracted to her. they start a relationship in the most unconventional way, but from the outset she makes perverse and violent terms that he must perform on her, which sickens him enough to want to terminate the relationship before it has really begun.<br /><br />the film ties itself to the female lead. isabelle huppert amazes with a brutal, completely convincing performance as the piano teacher. she cleverly shows a woman who is drawn to beauty and perversion, but her violence is fed by her perverted impulses. as a film that is so character driven, you know it would not work half as well, had she acted poorly.<br /><br />this is powerful, intelligently acted, and intelligently and sensitively adapted from the novel. the camera work also suits the film. there are what i can only think to call, framing shots where the director holds a scene and forces the eye to dart about. this is done extremely effectively against a blank bathroom wall, and is a further testament to the director's mastery.<br /><br />expect to be disturbed and sickened by this film. but, be brave - have the guts to go and see it. this is a very private look into essentially one person's life, but do not expect to be entertained in the hollywood sense....there are no car chases in this film!at the end of my review of cache, i wrote that i was intrigued with haneke as a film maker. this is what led me to get the dvd for la pianiste, which i just finished watching about a half hour ago.<br /><br />it's all been expressed, here at imdb and in many of the external reviews - the gruesomely twisted pathology that would 'create' an individual like huppert's erika, who is still trying, after years and years, to please her mother, at the expense of everyone and everything else in her life, beginning with her self. she's repressed everything that would free her from her self-imposed bondage, including, of course, her sexuality, which has literally imploded, to the point of madness, to where she can no longer even begin to comprehend what a genuine loving impulse would feel like.<br /><br />this is a graphic portrait of a severe emotional cripple, one who never found the strength to get out of her childhood situation and become a functioning adult. i think this subject relates to all of us - we're all striving for autonomy, but there are needs, so many conflicting needs, most of which are not even on the conscious level. it also deals brilliantly with the contrast between what one fantasizes about, sexually, and the reality of those fantasies, as well as the consequences of choosing to share one's sexual fantasies with another human being. huppert's character gets what she asks for in the course of the film, and it is hardly the emancipating experience she had imagined it to be. <br /><br />regarding the much-discussed scene in the bathroom: i really appreciated how this sequence had all the possible erotic charge (for the viewer, i mean) sucked out of it because of the prior scene, where she put the glass in the girl's pocket. by the time she's acting out her let's-see-if-this-guy-is-worthy scenario in the bathroom, we've already found out that she's dangerously disturbed and so it's not a turn on, her little domination session with our poor unsuspecting dupe.<br /><br />i think another incredible achievement of this movie is how, about halfway through it, i completely forgot that it was not in english and that i was reading sub-titles. that has never happened before, in any foreign movie, and i've seen quite a few. <br /><br />in this film, like cache, the ending is not all wrapped up in a nice little tidy bow, but unlike cache, we do at least get some sense of finality, despite the fact that we do not even know for sure whether huppert's character is alive or dead. after experiencing la pianiste, when it comes to michael haneke, i am, needless to say, more than a trifle intrigued.given the acting roles he played in the 1940s (casper gutman, signior ferrari, mr. peters, jerome k. arbutny, ex-superintendent grodman, count fosco, titus semple) it surprises many of his fans to learn that originally sidney greenstreet made a name for himself in comedies in the west end and broadway. he was usually such a total villain, or serious actor to the public that his comic talents were ignored. in fact he actually did make four comedy appearances (one a spoof of his villainous portrayals with his villainy partner peter lorre in a cameo appearance). his best total film appearance in a comedy was probably that of magazine publisher alexander yardley in "christmas in connecticut" (although his autocratic, half-mad soap tycoon in "the hucksters" is a close second). despite some problems with the screenplay, it is a good film, and usually revived in the christmas season.<br /><br />elizabeth lane (barbara stanwyck) writes a column in "american housekeeping" magazine for yardley, where she gives household tips and cooking recipes. she is the 1945 version of martha steward, except that ms steward is a cook and house-owner, and can vouch for trying out and testing what she advocates. stanwyck can't. her cooking recipes are those of her friend felix (s.z. sakall), a gourmet chef and restaurateur. the house she describes as her home (a model farmhouse in connecticut) belongs to her unofficial boyfriend, architect john sloan (reginald gardiner). gardiner really would not mind marrying stanwyck, but she is not fully ready to consider a final commitment to him.<br /><br />as the film begins, an american is shipwrecked by the nazis. this is jefferson jones (dennis morgan), a sailor. he spends two weeks in a raft before being rescued. sensing publicity value, greenstreet decides to grant morgan's wish to have a genuine old fashioned christmas in connecticut. he basically tells stanwyck that she will entertain morgan and himself at her farm for the holidays. stanwyck is unable to explain that the columns image of herself (complete with her ability to flip flap-jacks, and raise a baby she supposedly had with her husband) is a lie - if she does she will be fired, as will her immediate boss dudley beecham (robert shayne). in a moment of depression she accepts gardiner's proposal of marriage, and then gardiner finds his connecticut home is dragooned into becoming the "actual" home of stanwyck and himself and "their baby".<br /><br />of course, aside from putting off greenstreet's meddling curiosity, stanwyck and morgan find that they are falling in love (much to the annoyance of gardiner - he does actually expect that stanwyck will still marry him). complication following complication occurs, as lies piles on lies, and as neighbor's babies succeeds neighbor's babies, before greenstreet begins to wonder if he is missing something. but it is a comedy, so everything works out well. even greenstreet, at the conclusion, is amused by the entire madness - his celebrated hearty chortle mirroring that of santa clause for a change. this is not a classic comedy, certainly not a great one, but amusing enough for the season to be worth watching in december.first of all, those who are faint at heart should definitely avoid this film. even those, like me, who are desensitized to most graphically violent and sexual acts in movies should beware. i'm not telling you to steer away from the film, but be aware that what you're about to see is some disturbing material. definitely not a pleasing film to watch, but nothing is put on screen strictly for shock value. but i must admit, when i watched the film for a second time, i had to skip to the next chapter when the "razor blade scene" came up. <br /><br />the main character is one of the most unsympathetic sympathetic characters i can think of, but we start to better realize the humanity of her character later in the film's second act. in one scene, she stuffs broken glass in one of her student's jacket pocket after being dissatisfied with her apparently unsatisfactory performance and getting nervous when in front of a live audience. the student goes into her pocket and cries out with pain as she stares at her blood-stained hand. next to the razor blade scene, that disturbed me most. the student's mother is not much more sympathetic than she. when she gets word that her daughter won't be able to play, she talks about it like she also got also her hand injured, being one of those spoiled mothers who tries to torture her daughter into becoming an overachiever. <br /><br />though the film intrigued me and caught my interest for the most part, i felt more needed to be explained about isabelle huppert's character. when a woman is fascinated by sadomasochistic porno movies and engaging in that behavior herself, you want to understand the root of the problem. the movie establishes that she wants desperately to be loved. then why the hateful attitude towards everyone? why does she receive sexual pleasure from pain? <br /><br />the acting is terrific and i liked the glossy, stylized lighting. altogether, it's not a film i'd recommend if you're in the mood to be entertained, but as i said it's very intriguing. and i'm sure if i watched it a few more times, i'd be able to spot certain subtleties that'll shed more light on aspects of the film i didn't realize initially. <br /><br />my score: 7 (out of 10)as with all haneke films, make your own decision--don't be swayed by what you read and if you are interested in someone using the medium of film for their own unique ends, see it yourself. isabelle huppert is stunning in this film--combined with haneke, these two never pull their punches. haneke reels us in with the lure of golden boy, benoit magimel, but this is an anti-romance as much as funny games was an anti-thriller. you'll have to force yourself to watch much of it and the catharsis is much more in the range of sustained anxiety than any kind of emotional release but it's incredibly nervy and thought provoking; haneke continues to hold up a mirror to how desensitised western civilization is or has become. people may turn their noses up at this but it's only taking what solondz did in happiness a few steps further. while grounded in reality, much of what erika (huppert) does can be viewed as emotional metaphor. i'm not recommending it but i wouldn't dissuade you either...it definitely divides people but given it's largely about repression--that's no surprise.after i saw "la pianiste" several years ago, i said to myself that i would never see it again, so powerful and disturbing it was. time went on but i could not get the movie and its main character, erika kahut out of my mind. the story of a respected piano teacher in vienna conservatory, cool and collected on the surface, an expert in classical music, with the inner world so dark and disturbing with the demons of fear, self-loathing and self destruction strong enough to ruin her demanded more than one viewing. i read the book "the piano teacher" by elfriede jelinek, the controversial nobel prize winner in literature that the film is based on and after reading it i saw the film again. second time, all pieces of puzzle came to the right places. not very often an outstanding harrowing book is transferred to the screen with such brilliancy as "le pianiste". three actors gave outstanding performances. franz schubert's piano music, "soaked in the morbid humanity", is another bright star of the movie.<br /><br />i only have one problem with haneke's vision. there is a scene in the film where haneke made some changes to erika's character comparing to the novel. in the book, the furthest she went to reveal herself to walter, the young student in the conservatory who became attracted to her, was in a letter. as soon as he realized what he was dealing with and showed to her how much he was repulsed by that, she had stopped communicating with him. erika of the book would never chase walter to throw herself to him. she kept everything inside - she did not like to act, she was not a chaser - she loved to watch. the big scene during the hockey game was not necessary. it tried to make erika sympathetic (and of course, huppert was heartbreaking) but it took the mystery that surrounded her - jelinek did not write that scene, it sounded and looked false in otherwise excellent film.erika kohut is a woman with deep sexual problems. at the start of the film, we see her arriving home late. when her older mother protests, erika goes into a frenzy, attacking the older woman without pity. erika, as it turns out, is a musical teacher of a certain renown in the conservatory where she teaches. when we next see her, she is the model of composure, but she shows a cruel side in the way she attacks a young male student because she feels he is wasting his time, and hers. the same goes for the insecure anna, a talented girl who erika hates, maybe because she sees in the young woman a promise that she is not willing to promote.<br /><br />at the end of the day, we watch erika as she goes into an amusement area and proceeds to one of the cabins where pornographic material is shown. erika is transfixed as she watches the things that are being performed on the screen. on another occasion, erika comes to a drive-in where a movie is in progress. her attention goes toward a parked car in which, two lovers are performing a sex act. the camera lingers on erika as she is lost in reverie watching what the two lovers are doing, until she is surprised by the young man inside the car. erika flees horrified she's been discovered.<br /><br />when a wealthy couple invites erika to perform in a recital in their opulent home, she meets an eager young man, walter, who is related to the hosts. walter is immediately taken with erika's playing; the young man is a talented pianist himself. his eagerness to compliment erika is met with skepticism on her part. walter decides to audition for erika's master class, and is accepted.<br /><br />thus begins walter pursuit of erika, who is taken aback when she realizes what the young man's motives really are. in turn, erika, begins to fantasize about walter in ways that only her mind could, imagining what she would like him do when, and if, they get together. walter gets turned off by the letter erika has written to him, detailing sexual acts that are repugnant to the young man.<br /><br />the film's ending, reminded us of the last sequence of mr. haneke's current "cache". we are taken to a concert hall where erika is going to perform. she is seen stalking the lobby looking for the arrival of walter, who goes on into the hall without noticing her. erika's expression to the camera reveals a lot more of her state of mind in that last minutes of the film. as she flees the lobby area after inflicting a wound on herself, the camera abandons her and concentrates on the building's facade that seems to stay on the screen for a long time.<br /><br />"la pianiste" is a personal triumph for isabelle huppert. this magnificent actress does one of her best appearances on the screen, guided by the sure hand of michael haneke, one of the most interesting directors working today. ms. huppert's works with economic gestures, yet, she projects so much of her soul as she burns the screen with her erika.<br /><br />the supporting cast does wonders under the director's guidance. annie girardot, always excellent, is perfect as erika's mother. she seems to be the key of whatever went wrong with her daughter. there is a hint of incest that is played with subtleness in the context of the film. benoit magimel is perfectly cast as walter. this young actor does a wonderful job in the film as the young man, so in love with a woman that is possessed by demons, that he'll never be able to chase away or get her to love him in a normal manner.<br /><br />michael haneke films are always disturbing to watch, yet they offer so many rewards because he dares to go where other men don't. the magnificent music heard in the film are mainly by schubert and schumann, two composers that are erika's own favorites. the movie is helped tremendously by christian berger's cinematography.in the first twenty minutes we are swept away by several powerfully portrayed emotions: a suffocating and overbearing mother has a violent argument with her live-in 40yr old daughter; a piano teacher (and professor of music)'s love for her pupils expressed in unswerving critical appraisal; the joy that music can inspire both in the listener and the performer. within this short space of time our senses have been assaulted convincingly with very real characters. we are also swept away by powerfully performed music and shown the difference between great and mediocre performance with a lot of attention to nuance. such material alone would have been the basis for an outstanding film of widespread appeal. but the trend in french cinema being what it is, it goes deeper, exploring the repressed sexuality of the teacher, the expression of sexual freedom and subsequent breakdown within a context of passionate attraction, and the inevitable cycle of real abuse. we are drawn to her suffering and, at least initially, wonder how much suffering may be related to the accomplishment of genius, particularly in the composers she admires. the piano teacher contains graphic dialogue and depictions of sex and brutality in scenes that some people might rather not watch. the scenes are essential to the dilemmas which the film seeks to raise and so can hardly be called gratuitous. a great film it may be, but mainstream viewing it is not.michael haneke is known for his disturbing movies like "funny games". this time he adopted elfriede jelineks "die klavierspielerin", which is probably her best work so far. jelinek always writes about abusive behaviour in families, and especially of the suppression of women in a patriarchal society.<br /><br />erika kohut (isabelle huppert) works as a piano teacher at the viennese consevatory. she still lives with her mother (annie giradot), they even sleep in the same bed (already a hint of something strange). erika bullies her students the same way she's bullied by her mother and secretly watches porn movies and plays sadomasochistic games with herself. a student, walter (benoit magimel), falls in love with her, but she refuses to simply sleep with him. she wants to play her games with him, but he's disgusted. he reluctantly follows her rules, which means disaster for both of them.<br /><br />haneke has a very clear picture language, everything is filmed in a almost spartanic way, so the complex characters and story are enhanced.<br /><br />people who don't know austria very well may be don't realize how essential the setting is for the story. jelinek (as well as other great austrian writers like thomas bernhard) suffers from the coldness and casualness in austrian families and society. austrians (at least viennese people) are often unable to articulate their pains, wishes, they suppress their emotions, so there often enough is no real love, affection and nearness in their families. in a society, where it's more important to show a perfect facade to society (even if this means to protect crimes within families as erika and her mother protect walters rape of erika to avoid a scandal) than to deal with your emotional problems it's probably no wonder that sigmund freud founded the psychoanalysis in vienna. erika has a cold and distant relationship with her mother, they only time they share some emotions is very violent and not at all loving. erika replaces her hidden emotions with wishes for violence, so that she can finally release some feelings. but she has nobody who really wants to speak about her emotions so in the end she has to stab herself to ease her inner pain.<br /><br />isabelle huppert shows her best performance of her career (as well of most other actresses). with a unsmiling face you often see only a hint of emotion in her face, a quick smile, a glance with her eyes. and in the end her pain is masterly displayed without a single tear. <br /><br />benoit magimel and annie giradot also turn in powerful performances, but the movie belongs to huppert.isabelle huppert must be one of the greatest actresses of her or any other generation. "la pianiste" truly confirms it. as if that wasn't enough, annie girardot plays her mother and annie girardot is one of the greatest actresses of her or any other generation. so, as you may well imagine, those pieces of casting are worth the horror we're put through. isabelle and annie play characters we've never seen before on the screen. a mother and daughter yes but with such virulent fearlessness that sometimes i was unable even to blink or to breath. personally, i don't believe in the director's intentions, i don't believe they (the intentions that is) go beyond the shocking anecdote and the ending made me scream with frustration but i was riveted by the story written in the face of the sensational huppert and the fierceness of girardot's strength. i highly recommend it to cinema lovers anywhere and to the collectors of great performances like me, you can't afford to miss "la pianiste"i saw this film at the 2001 toronto international film festival. la pianiste reinforces the "austrians=grim" thesis i'm formulating. isabelle huppert won a well-deserved best actress award at cannes for her portrayal of a woman who, in her efforts to attain the artistic ideal, loses her humanity. trapped by her talent, she suppresses her emotions and her sexuality until they can only be expressed in twisted and terrifying ways. when a younger student falls in love with her, our hopes rise, but are soon dashed by the realization that she cannot experience love the way others can. it is too late for her, and the film's final 30 harrowing minutes are, tellingly, devoid of the beautiful music that carried the first 90 minutes. the message seems to be that the music itself is not enough without the life and beauty it's describing.if you think piano teacher erika kohut (isabelle huppert) in michael haneke's film "la pianiste" is the ultimate degree in the personification of derangement, perversion and darkness, i've got news for you: the piano teacher in elfriede jellinek's novel "la pianiste" (on which the film was based) is twice as "repulsive", "disgusting", "deranged" and even more fascinating -- though there can't be words enough to translate the level of artistic proficiency that isabelle huppert has reached here, above all other mortal actresses in activity today. and who else could have played this character with such emotional power, complete with the best piano playing/dubbing an actor could deliver?<br /><br />in the novel as in the film, there are two big antagonists to the "heroine" kohut: her own mother (wonderful, wreck-voiced annie girardot, in a part originally intended for jeanne moreau) and austria itself. the mother personifies jellinek's perception of her native austria as a country that deceptively and perversely encourages racist/fascist (or at least authoritarian) behavior, sexual and emotional repression, and, let's say, ã¼bermensch ideals which are impossible to keep today without the danger of a mental breakdown.<br /><br />"la pianiste" also deals with a very powerful and delicate issue: how dangerous it is to reveal your innermost fantasies to the one (you think) you love. we tend to think our own sexual fantasies must be as exciting to others as they are to ourselves, which may turn out to be a huge, embarrassing and sometimes tragic mistake. here, kohut learns (?) the lesson in the most painful and humiliating of ways.<br /><br />it must be mentioned that elfriede jellinek is one of the best-known and praised authors in austria and europe (well, now she's got a nobel prize!) and that autobiographical passages can be inferred in her novel, as she herself was a pianist and had a reportedly difficult relationship with her mother. the novel also includes long passages about kohut's childhood and adolescence so you kind of understand how she turned into who she is now. haneke chose to hide this information in the film, forcing us to wonder how she got to be that way (don't we all know a erika kohut out there?). but he very much preserves the fabric of the book in his film: unbearable honesty, to the point where most secretive, "horrendous" feelings painfully emerge -- envy, cruelty, violence, jealousy, hate, misery, sadism, masochism, selfishness, perversion etc. all of them unmistakably human.<br /><br />i thought "la pianiste" was a deeply moving film, very disturbing and thought-provoking, with a handful of unforgettable scenes, and that's just all i ask of movies. it also made me buy and be thrilled by the book, discover a fantastic author i hadn't read before, and listen again and again to schubert - so, my thanks to haneke, jellinek and isabelle!!! on the other hand, if you're looking for light entertainment, please stay away. my vote: 9 out of 10some users are confused about the identity of the armed men walking down the steps in the "odessa staircase" sequence. these men are not cossacks but regular army troops.<br /><br />the cossacks arrive at the scene a little later and they are the men on horses slashing at the crowd with their sabers.<br /><br />to experts on russian history: correct me on this if i'm wrong.<br /><br />but there are a couple of lines in the movie that apparently no one has commented on. after the takeover of the potemkin, someone in the crowd on shore says, "kill the jews!" this is on screen for only a couple of seconds but it is there.<br /><br />how cruelly typical of history, not just in russia but in so many other countries, to immediately, unthinkingly and instinctively blame jews for any domestic trouble!<br /><br />perhaps other parts of the movie are not historically factual but the outcry against the jews is all too real. comments, anyone?<br /><br />also, why can't speakers of english learn to pronounce the name as "potyomkin" instead of as "potemkin"? there's a need in russian to distinguish the two possible pronunciations of "e": as either "ye" or as "yo." sometimes two dots are used to distinguish these two pronunciations but usually the difference simply has to be memorized.it's fun and fast paced, as one falsehood leads to another and another toward an inevitable, surprising conclusion. the suspense separates this holiday flick from all others. one wonders how the pieces are going to fit, both during the movie and in the future.<br /><br />the character actors laid the foundation and entertained us in the process. sinkewicz (frank jenks) shows us what manipulation can get...and ultimately what manipulation can cost! uncle felix (s.z. sakall) sizes up each person for us while trying to protect "lishka" (barbara stanwyck), and this helps us decide who we are going to root for in the end.<br /><br />if we could ever achieve a perfect world, imperfect people would likely have to undergo a series of events such as these.<br /><br />a glaring weakness is that fake baby cry after it allegedly swallowed uncle felix's watch. i've heard more authentic crying from a doll in a toy store.<br /><br />watch it, and you'll really feel like you've been somewhere!i just finished watching this film. for me, the most outstanding work in this film was the music score. while many silent film scores work very well with their scenes, i feel that this is the best score i've come across. the mutiny scenes in particular worked extremely well.this is one of the best films i've seen from the silent era (sad to say, i've yet to see too many with the exception of chaplin/keaton stuff). very visually brilliant, with insanely influential style in editing and composition. really unique (especially for its time) camera angles and extremely hectic editing. definitely a must see for the film nerd.<br /><br />the downside is that it is a bit too in your face about its politics (i have no problem with politics in film, as long as they are subtle or at least somewhat ignorable as a backseat to the story). also, it's not an "entertainment" film, which is fine, but it's not something i'm going to watch a billion times. this is art, plain and simple, like it or not.<br /><br />worth an a+ for influence alone, but based on personal enjoyment, i give it an a-.i had before a feeling of mislike for all russian films. but, after seeing this film i havenâ´t. this is a unique masterpiece made by the best director ever lived in the ussr. he knows the art of film making, and can use it very well. if you find this movie: buy or copy it!after reading a biography on the last russian tzar (nicholas ii), and his failure to secure the army's support, i decided to give this film a try.<br /><br />i watched it with a completely open mind, not knowing anything about it (except its reputation).<br /><br />these are the things that impressed me the most.<br /><br />1) the shots of battleships, and the soldiers used as extras. more than once i stopped to think "if this was done in this time and place, 80% of this would have been computer-generated".<br /><br />2) the realism in it. from the maggot-infested meat to the shot of the sailor with his candle and the legend "killed for a bowl of soup", this movie makes no concessions to the pc cause (which, thankfully, hadn't been invented yet).<br /><br />3) the slow descent into madness of the odessa steps sequence. from the first shot, when the limbless man appears, you get the idea something might be wrong; since the overall shots are composed, though, you end up feeling comfortable in your surroundings. then an amputee appears, and people start falling in dramatic poses. still, the shots are composed... until the cossacks appear into scene, and the incredible shot juxtapositions appear. this scene is easily worth the price of admission.<br /><br />4) the fact that this movie is 100% unadulterated propaganda. then again, when rambo fought in afghanistan he also was having something to do with "propaganda"; only a different kind.<br /><br />overall: a film marred by a bit of a slow narrative. nevertheless, metropolis, the cabinet of dr. caligari and this movie are perfect examples of inventive, edgy movies that are still remembered for their merits today. they really make modern movies look boring and repetitive.have wanted to see this for a while: i never thought i'd be watching it in a damp trafalgar square, london with 15,000 other people and all to a new score by the pet shop boys.<br /><br />quickly, that experience specifically. a new departure from psb, it seemed to suffer from the same problem the miniaturist hugo wolf had when he wrote his opera der corregidor: the long structure was a chain of short ones, i.e. songs. psb produced a more fluid, integrated score although it was quite static on its own terms. neither could they resist song: a setting of the subtitled text worked in this respect a free standing meditation on the action of the odessa steps massacre during the action of that sequence itself was, i'd go so far to say, counterproductive. overall it was very exciting though, which is surely what eisenstein was trying to achieve.<br /><br />it is a very exciting film with choppier editing taking the place of acceleration of tension or action. in fact the film, though beautifully shot and passionately acted (it has a silent film melodrama, but not in the excess of the hollywood comic style) breathes through its careful editing pacing specific shots with a sense of the rate at which the audience will take them in. and there's a huge range of perspective too; either he had a lot of cameras or the sequences on the harbor and steps took a great deal of time.<br /><br />super film, which can be assessed irrespective of sound, as that's how the finished product would have been conceived. 8/10the famous closeup of their breakfast meat, crawling with maggots still is recorded by fire in my neurons or the wind filling the right places of the sails, the fog better than carpenter's the fog cos is the real terror bursting out from human history instead of pirates ghosts. but , i tell ya' something: not even the magnificent scene in homenage performed by brian di palma with the excellent music of ennio morricone in the untochables (filmed in slow motion)can equal the effect of the original masterpiece of the crowd climbing down the ladders. we see not merely the baby stroller but i remember the hand of a baby stepped by militar boot, someone with no feet escaping at the last minute, someone wearing glasses (then a cut edition) and then the same glasses broken by a bullet that passed through....mini stories in a single scene./*may contain spoilers, but of course it does not matter :) */<br /><br />battleship potemkin is one stunning spectacle of haunting images. the visual direction is (well, and has been) inspiring, the sheer scale of the film is impressive, and the technique is certainly pioneering. what is really amazing is, to my mind, the depth and effectiveness of a film, devoid of proper literary script, sound (save the soundtrack), decent image quality, the faux-profound (self-)referentialism of today, exceptional acting, pretense, etc. what you get is a purely visual experience to be remembered.<br /><br />btw, the previous poster noted: "eisenstien felt after a lot of suffering to give the heroes what they wanted. the problem is that you think eisenstein is building up to a big final fight and then he tricks you. it's a little cheap. i would've rather seen a huge final action scene."<br /><br />i must warn you, that the end is not cheap, and eisenstein wasn't being generous to the heroes. history, however, was. potemkin really did go through the squadron as it was shown in the film.<br /><br />finally, i'd strongly recommend seeing battleship potemkin to anyone more or less seriously interested in cinema. see it with a fellow movie buff, it kept me talking for hours. however, if you tend to consider films, generally accepted as "great" or "classic", to be "slow" or "boring", this film might not be for you yet. not much cheap entertainment here.<br /><br />for me though, it is a full 10/10.based on actual events of 1905, silent film the battleship potemkin concerns an imperial russian ship on which abominable conditions lead to a mutiny. shocked by conditions on the ship, citizens of the port city odessa rally to the mutineers' support--and in consequence find themselves at the mercy of imperial forces, who attack the civilian supporters with savage force.<br /><br />potemkin is a film in which individual characters are much less important than the groups and crowds of which they are members, and it achieves its incredible power by showing the clash of the groups and crowds in a series of extraordinarily visualized and edited sequences. amazingly, each of these sequences manage to top the previous one, and the film actually builds in power as it moves from the mutiny to the citizen's rally to the massacre on the odessa steps--the latter of which is among the most famous sequences in all of film history. filming largely where the real events actually occurred, director eisenstein's vision is extraordinary as he builds--not only from sequence to sequence but from moment to moment within each sequence--some of the most memorable images ever committed to film.<br /><br />to describe potemkin as a great film is something of an understatement. it is an absolute essential, an absolute necessity to any one seriously interested in cinema as an art form, purely visual cinema at its most brilliant, often imitated, seldom equaled, never bested.<br /><br />gary f. taylor, aka gft, amazon reviewerthis film is a benchmark in non-mainstream cinema history. the use of montage represents a quantum leap from the relatively simple juxtapositions of strike (eisenstein's 1st film). take the scene on the steps and note the repeated shot of the soldiers descending, to reiterate the point of the horrors that actually did happen! a highly intelligent monumental film, a must see for all film students!eisenstien's "potempkin", (bronenosets potyomkin), is among the finest films ever made and possibly the best of the silent era. eisenstien was a pioneer of film form and his use of montage editing has influenced films to this day. the odessa steps massacre footage is as powerful today as it was when first seen over 70 years ago. do not pass up the chance to see this film!make sure you make this delightful comedy part of your holiday season! if you admire dennis morgan or barbara stanwyck, this film is a fun one to watch. they really work well together as you would see in this movie. the whole cast was very entertaining. since i'm a dennis morgan fan, this film was a real treat! but...everyone can enjoy it! recommended!this 1925 film narrates the story of the mutiny on board battleship potemkin at the port of odessa. the movie celebrated the 20th anniversary of the uprising of 1905, which was seen as a direct precursor to the october revolution of 1917. following his montage theory, eisenstein plays with scenes, their duration and the way they combine to emphasize his message, besides he uses different camera shot angles and revolutionary illumination techniques. the "odessa steps" sequence in potemkin is one of the most famous in the history of cinema. the baby carriage coming loose down the steps after its mother has been shot was later recreated in brian d' palma's the untouchables. it is clear that the film is one of the best ever made considering its time and how innovative it was though you need a little bit of patience and to be a real movie enthusiast to go through its 70 minutes.spoilers every major regime uses the country's media to it's own ends. whether the nazi banning of certain leaflets, or the televised chinese alternative of tianamen square, governments have tried to influence the people through different mediums since the beginning of time. in 1925 though, celebrating the failed mutiny of 1905, the russian communist government supported the creation of this film, battleship potempkin. a major piece of cinematic history, it remains powerful and beautiful to this very day.<br /><br />set aboard the battleship potempkin, the crew are unhappy. in miserable living conditions and with maggot infested food, they are angry at their upper class suppressors. now though, after the rotten food, enough is enough. led by grigory vakulinchuk (aleksandr antonov), the crew turn upon their masters and fight for their freedom.<br /><br />as far as propaganda goes, "battleship potempkin" is perfect. presenting a positive light on the first, unsuccessful, communist mutiny, the film was a useful soviet tool. eighty years after the films release though, and the ussr has disappeared completely off the map. the amazing thing about this film though is that whilst the country it's message was intended for has disappeared, the film remains a powerful and worthy piece of cinema.<br /><br />written and directed by sergei eisenstein, the film is surprisingly a joy to watch. it is true, that it is far from what we would nowadays consider 'entertainment', but the film is a beautiful piece of art.<br /><br />whether it be the scenes aboard the boat or the often talked about scene on the steps of odessa, everything about this film is perfectly made. the music is powerful and dramatic, the lighting is flawless, even the acting, whilst slightly overdone, is perfect for the piece. basically, there is no way to fault this film's end product.<br /><br />it's impossible to know how the russian people received this film upon it's release. praising a country which has not existed for fifteen years, it's difficult for us to know the full spirits that the film inspires. as a piece of art though, it is magnificent. beautiful from start to finish, it is far from an easy watch, but it is well worth the effort.the photography and editing of the movie is exceptional for the time period. eisenstein builds upon each scene of the movie leading to the the sailor's revolt and the massacre at the town. as much as the movie is a high point in the cinema, it is also an example of szocialist realism. by 1925 the soviet government actively used the arts, including film, as a means to spread the message of the revolution. eisensteins portrayal of the revolt on the battleship potempkin offers the viewer insight into the message of the soviet elite. marxist theory and perspectives of class struggle are demonstrated as the sailors who represent the oppressed workers and the officers who represent the elite of society. much of the film demonstrates the communist party message and how film was used as a tool of propaganda.the movie touches the soul of the audience very much,some scene in the movie is ultimate and tears comes out automatically,i'm surprised by seeing this movie that any director can direct this type of movie in the year 1925.as a student of cinema i can say this movie helps a lot to understand use of montage.first time when our teacher told us about this movie means genre of this movie we thought nothing could be there in this movie to understand but finally when sir explained it then we came to know how great this movie is.lastly i can say it helps a lot understanding films.and being a cinema student i can the viewers that they can see this movie.it was surprising that a silent film could be so easy to watch. the economy with which it has been edited and the films structure itself are the main elements that contribute to this.<br /><br />the film really captures the spirit of the revolution that it is dealing with - you really sympathise with the sailors and citizens. of course, this film has it's own agenda, but as it is a practically redundant cause, it can be viewed as a piece of entertainment in a much clearer sense.<br /><br />the tension created on the screen is excellent - starting with the battleship itself, and then moving onto the mainland. things escalate believably and for a film of it's era, it really is quite unflinching in revealing the sacrifices made by the characters in the film.<br /><br />this really is worth sitting through, (that is if you can adjust your modern viewing habits for 90mins).i did something a little daring tonight when i watched this movie. i attempted to wean myself from silent movie scores. sure, when this film originally was distributed, a piano score was probably played with it. oftentimes, the director would choose the score himself (charlie chaplin often composed the scores of his later silent films). but most of the music you hear on vhs tapes over silent films is in no way the same music that was supposed to be played when the film was first released. and, then again, there were plenty of silent films that were played without a score. i do not know the history of potemkin's score, so i decided to watch it for the medium this piece of art was produced within - film. <br /><br />soon after i turned the music off, unaided (or should i say unimpeded) by the musical interpretation of the emotions on screen, i became utterly attached to the film. visually, it is easily one of the most stunning of all films. eisenstein was a master of composition. the editing, possibly the cinematic technique eisenstein is most famous for (montage), is extraordinary. the mood of this film is anger, and it stirred my passions violently. <br /><br />it takes a lot of effort to enjoy a silent film, especially a drama, but films like battleship potemkin prove that this effort is entirely worth it. come on! you owe it to yourself to watch this film! your education is incomplete without it.there are only a handful of movies that were made on such a grand scale and made such a difference in the art of movie making.<br /><br />"bronenosets potyomkin" is one of these movies, and it should be on anyone's list looking to learn more about the history of cinema. <br /><br />grigori aleksandrov & sergei m. eisenstein directed this groundbreaking film that documents the horrors taking place on a russian battleship. when the sailors finally retaliate against their superiors, the locals embrace the them, and support them. things get ugly when a group of soldiers are sent to the small town to take care of business. what follows is one of the most imitated scenes in the history of cinema. anyone who has seen "the untouchables", and "bronenosets potyomkin" knows exactly what i mean.<br /><br />overall i think this movie raised the bar for film making just as "intolerance" did a few years earlier. if you do not mind silent films, do yourself a favor, and see "bronenosets potyomkin". <br /><br />if you don't like silent films..... watch "bronenosets potyomkin" anyway. <br /><br />the battleship potemkin is now the oldest film i've seen and it is also the first silent film i've seen. i heard a lot of good things about this movie so i got the tape out at home and i watched it. when it ended i just thought that this was a classic masterpiece. the story is based on the real-life russian battleship potemkin. you wouldn't think it but some of it was sad and disgusting. sad being that the mother dies and the pram rolls down the stairway and disgusting being they have to eat rotten meat with maggots in it.<br /><br />today it is still considered to be one of the best silent and russian films ever made. i think that everyone should see it (if they can find it.) you will be presently surprised at how good it is. it's a must see classic. 5/5.on june 14 1905, during the russian revolution of that year, sailors aboard the russian battleship potemkin rebelled against their oppressive officers. frustrated with the second-rate treatment they receive, and most particularly the maggot-infested meat that they are forced to eat, the ship's crew, led by the inspirational bolshevik sailor grigory vakulinchuk (aleksandr antonov), decide that the time is ripe for a revolution. and so begins sergei m. eisenstein's rousing classic of russian propaganda, 'bronenosets potyomkin / the battleship potemkin.'<br /><br />the film itself is brimming with shining examples of stunning visual imagery: the spectacles of an overthrown ship captain dangle delicately from the side rope over which he had been tossed; the body of a deceased mutineer lies peaceful upon the shore, the sign on his chest reading "killed for a bowl of soup;" close-up shots of the clenching fists of the hundreds of spectators who are finally fed up with the tsarist regime; a wayward baby carriage careers down the odessa steps as desperate onlookers watch on with bated breath (this scene was memorably "borrowed" by brian de palma for a particularly suspenseful scene in his 'the untouchables'); the barrels of numerous canons are ominously leveled towards the vastly-outnumbered battleship potemkin.<br /><br />however, the film itself is best analysed â? not as a fragmented selection of memorable scenes â? but as a single film, and, indeed, every scene is hugely memorable. though divided into five fairly-distinct chapters, the entire film flows forwards wonderfully; at no point do we find ourselves losing interest, and we are absolutely never in doubt of whose side we should be sympathetic towards.<br /><br />the film is often referred to as "propaganda," and that is exactly what it is, but this need not carry a negative connotation. 'the battleship potemkin' was produced by eisenstein with a specific purpose in mind, and it accomplishes this perfectly in every way. planned by the soviet central committee to coincide with the 20th century celebrations of the unsuccessful 1905 revolution, 'potemkin' was predicted to be a popular film in its home country, symbolising the revitalization of russian arts after the revolution. it is somewhat unfortunate, then, that eisenstein's film failed to perform well at the russian box-office, reportedly beaten by allan dwan's 1922 'robin hood' film in its opening week and running for just four short weeks. luckily, despite being banned on various occasions in various countries, 'the battleship potemkin' fared more admirably overseas.<br /><br />the film also proved a successful vehicle for eisenstein to test his theories of "montage." through quick-cut editing, and distant shots of the multitudes of extras, the audience is not allowed to sympathise with any individual characters, but with the revolutionary population in general. eisenstein does briefly break this mould, however, in a scene where vakulinchuk flees the ship officer who is trying to kill him, and, of course, during the renowned odessa steps sequence, as our hearts beat in horror for the life of the unfortunate child in the tumbling baby carriage. the accompanying soundtrack to the version i watched, largely featuring the orchestral works of dmitri shostakovich, served wonderfully to heighten the emotional impact of such scenes.<br /><br />one of the greatest films of the silent era, 'the battleship potemkin' is a triumph of phenomenal film-making, and is a significant slice of cinematic history. the highly-exaggerated events of the film (among other things, there was never actually any violent massacre on the odessa steps) have so completely engrained themselves in the memory, that we're often uncertain of the true history behind the depicted events. this is a grand achievement.the battleship potemkin was said to have been a favourite of charlie chaplin. it presents a dramatised version of the mutiny that occurred in 1905 when the crew of the russian battleship potemkin rebelled against their officers of the tsarist regime.<br /><br />the film is a textbook cinema classic, and a masterpiece of creative editing, especially in the famous odessa steps sequence in which innocent civilians are mown down in the bloodshed; the happenings of a minute are drawn into five by frenzied cross-cutting. the film contains 1,300 separate shots, and in 1948 and 1958 was judged the best film ever made by a panel of international critics. the battleship potemkin is in the public domain, in some parts of the world.it finally hit me watching my vhs of christmas in connecticut what other film this one reminded me of. if it weren't for the fact that the other was done 20 years later, i'd say it was a remake.<br /><br />just as rock hudson was a phony fishing expert for abercrombie&fitch who had to get some on the job training at a fishing tournament, barbara stanwyck plays an forties version of martha stewart.<br /><br />stanwyck's a cooking columnist who's built up this whole image of living on a small connecticut farm with husband and baby cooking all these marvelous delicacies. trouble is she's unmarried, childless, writes her column from her apartment in new york and doesn't know how to boil water. but her writing is a hit with the public.<br /><br />trouble comes when she's hijacked into cooking a home christmas dinner for a war hero sailor played by dennis morgan who gets to sing a couple of songs as well. got to keep up the image at any cost. and her publisher sidney greenstreet likes the idea so well that he invites himself to the dinner.<br /><br />so with borrowed farm, baby, and reginald gardiner who'd like to make it real with stanwyck she tries to brazen it through. <br /><br />christmas in connecticut's now a yuletide classic and deservedly so. the leads are warm and human and they get great support from the assembled players. s.z. sakall as the hungarian restaurant owner/friend of stanwyck from whom she gets her cooking information and una o'connor as the housekeeper have a nice chemistry between them. reginald gardiner and stanwyck have no chemistry at all, obvious to all but reggie and he's funny in his stuffed shirt way.<br /><br />most people remember this film as one of sidney greenstreet's few ventures into comedy. if he's not an outright villain, a cynical observer of life or a tyrannical tycoon, greenstreet is few other things on screen. christmas in connecticut gave him a rare opportunity to burlesque his own image and he made the most of it.<br /><br />in a biography of barbara stanwyck, she mentions she enjoyed making christmas in connecticut as a welcome change from some villainous parts like double indemnity she'd been doing recently. one of the things that made doing the film so enjoyable was that between takes, director peter godfrey and greenstreet would do some impromptu entertaining of cast and crew with english music hall numbers. made for a relaxed and warm set and the cast responded accordingly.<br /><br />now if only someone had been filming those numbers.the silent film masterpiece battleship potemkin (1925) was commissioned by the soviet government to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the uprising of 1905 and to establish the event as an heroic foreshadowing of the october revolution of 1917. ironically the film's director, sergei eisenstein, was one of the earliest and most influential advocates of a formalistic approach to film art. subsequently, eisenstein's formalism and suspect politics would cause innumerable conflicts with government agencies insisting on "socialist realism." influenced by the russian film theoretician, lev kuleshov, and through him by d. w. griffith's intolerance (smuggled into russia in 1919), eisenstein constructed his films from a "collision" of rapidly edited images, a montage of shots varied in length, motion, content, lighting, and camera angle. without question the most memorable illustration of eisenstein's stylistic approach - and probably the single most cited and studied sequence in world cinema history - is the "odessa steps" sequence in potemkin.<br /><br />in structure potemkin is a "five reeler" divided into five narrative parts, an organization clearly derived from the five-act arrangement of western drama. in "men and maggots," eisenstein dramatizes the pre-revolutionary oppression and discontent of the battleship's working class sailors as the situation inevitably builds to mutiny. even before the sailors and their upper class officers/masters are visually introduced, eisenstein establishes revolutionary conditions symbolically by the collision editing of waves breaking violently and ominously at sea. onboard ship we witness crowded, unsanitary conditions. eisenstein emphasizes the sailors' dehumanization with shots of arbitrary lashings, harsh labor, and - most memorably - the maggot infested meat intended for the evening's meal. the ship's nearsighted physician is brought forward by the other officers to declare the meat perfectly suitable to be served with the dark soup, boiling like the sailors' rage. in accordance with marxist maxims, the church also fails the men, and we see one of them smashing a plate inscribed with words from the lord's prayer from two different camera angles (in perhaps the first deliberate "jump cut" in cinema history).<br /><br />identified by inter-titles as "drama on the quarterdeck" and "an appeal from the dead," potemkin's second and third parts depict the actual mutiny and the onshore funeral of its leader and first hero of the revolution, vakulinchuk. united by vakulinchuk's appeals to brotherhood, the initial mutineers are joined by the entire crew in an attack on the officers. a chaotic scene ensues whose violent passion is served well by eisenstein's editing techniques. the officers' quarters are trampled and symbols of their privilege are destroyed. the ship's doctor is thrown overboard, accompanied by dramatic crosscuts to the maggot-ridden meat and his eyeglasses metonymically dangling in the rigging. tragically, vakolinchuk's death is the price paid for the revolt (no omelet without breaking eggs) and he is laid out with dignity on an odessa pier. hundreds of ordinary odessa citizens gather with the sailors to honor him and to pledge "death to the oppressors." shots of fists clenching and unclenching signal the birth of revolutionary consciousness.<br /><br />the complex and unforgettable odessa steps sequence constitutes the film's fourth act. it begins with uplifting music and a series of close-ups and medium shots on the elated faces of diverse people on the shore and selected objects (parasol, eyeglasses, baby carriage). suddenly (as exclaims a title card in huge letters) the music stops and lines of soldiers with drawn rifles and fixed bayonets appear at the top of the steps. here eisenstein releases the full force of collision editing as nearly a hundred shots are pieced together to contrast the panicked mayhem and victimization of the citizenry with the relentless assault of the soldiers driving the citizens down to the trampling horses and flying sabers of the waiting cossacks below. the mise-en-scene is framed by a statue of caesar at the top of the stairs and a church at the bottom, symbolic metonyms for russia's oppressive institutions: tsarist monarchy and the orthodox christian church.<br /><br />punctuating the sequence are two scenes involving mothers and children. in the first, a mother and young boy who had been introduced among the joyous faces in the crowd are among the slaughter's first victims. the boy is shot, but the mother continues running until close-ups of her face convey her horrified gaze at the son's fallen body being trampled by the crowd. with a much slowed editing pace, the camera follows the mother as she carries the lifeless body of her child up the stairs to confront the soldiers (shown only in a diagonal shadow line). they summarily shoot her dead. after this lull, the carnage continues for another several dozen cuts until a second mother is shot through the stomach (the womb of mother russia?) as she tries to shield her baby in its carriage. in a scene famously imitated in the untouchables, the carriage incongruously slips down the staircase. horrified faces of huddled citizens watch the slow progress to its doom. when the carriage reaches the bottom there is a cut to a cossack wielding a sword and a classic kuleshov effect suggests what we do not actually see: the slaughtering of this pure and symbolic innocent. the final series of shots in the odessa sequence is of three stone lions, one in repose, one sitting up, and one roaring. the editing animates them into a visual metaphor of the people's awakened rage.<br /><br />somewhat anticlimactically, the fifth act returns us to the battleship as the mutinous sailors flee on the high seas and await an encounter with other ships from the fleet. they and the viewer expect retribution, but when the meeting occurs no shots are fired and instead all the sailors wave and throw their hats in the air in a symbol of comradeship. eisenstein was rewriting history at this point since the revolution was not successfully launched for another twelve years. but that quibble aside, battleship potemkin stands as one of the seminal works of the silent film era, and it retains extraordinary cinematic power.eisenstein created the russian montage theory, and this film is his finest example. it took years before someone could utilize his ideas and make them work (the limey, 1999). nonetheless, the baby carriage scene really demonstrates the discombobulated nature of rmt. granted, like most movies, it gets long in some parts, the beauty of the film is amazing. one of the best silent films i have ever seen.sergei eisenstein's most famous movie has truly withstood the test of time. the story of a mutiny aboard a warship in 1905 does have the feeling of soviet propaganda, but does a good job showing the conditions that led to the revolt. the scene on the odessa steps should remain seared into anyone's mind.<br /><br />okay, so "the battleship potemkin" wasn't actually the first movie to use montage, but they did a great job with it here. certainly any film history class should show this movie. it's a great historical drama (although i will admit that i don't know how accurate it is). a 10/10.<br /><br />oh, and we should have learned by now that "potemkin" should be transliterated as "potyomkin".originally supposed to be just a part of a huge epic the year 1905 depicting the revolution of 1905, potemkin is the story of the mutiny of the crew of the potemkin in odessa harbor. the film opens with the crew protesting maggoty meat and the captain ordering the execution of the dissidents. an uprising takes place during which the revolutionary leader is killed. this crewman is taken to the shore to lie in state. when the townspeople gather on a huge flight of steps overlooking the harbor, czarist troops appear and march down the steps breaking up the crowd. a naval squadron is sent to retake the potemkin but at the moment when the ships come into range, their crews allow the mutineers to pass through. eisenstein's non-historically accurate ending is open-ended thus indicating that this was the seed of the later bolshevik revolution that would bloom in russia. the film is broken into five parts: men and maggots, drama on the quarterdeck, an appeal from the dead, the odessa steps, and meeting the squadron.<br /><br />eisenstein was a revolutionary artist, but at the genius level. not wanting to make a historical drama, eisenstein used visual texture to give the film a newsreel-look so that the viewer feels he is eavesdropping on a thrilling and politically revolutionary story. this technique is used by pontecorvo's the battle of algiers.<br /><br />unlike pontecorvo, eisenstein relied on typage, or the casting of non-professionals who had striking physical appearances. the extraordinary faces of the cast are what one remembers from potemkin. this technique is later used by frank capra in mr. deeds goes to town and meet john doe. but in potemkin, no one individual is cast as a hero or heroine. the story is told through a series of scenes that are combined in a special effect known as montage--the editing and selection of short segments to produce a desired effect on the viewer. d.w. griffith also used the montage, but no one mastered it so well as eisenstein.<br /><br />the artistic filming of the crew sleeping in their hammocks is complemented by the graceful swinging of tables suspended from chains in the galley. in contrast the confrontation between the crew and their officers is charged with electricity and the clenched fists of the masses demonstrate their rage with injustice.<br /><br />eisenstein introduced the technique of showing an action and repeating it again but from a slightly different angle to demonstrate intensity. the breaking of a plate bearing the words "give us this day our daily bread" signifies the beginning of the end. this technique is used in last year at marienbad. also, when the ship's surgeon is tossed over the side, his pince-nez dangles from the rigging. it was these glasses that the officer used to inspect and pass the maggot-infested meat. this sequence ties the punishment to the corruption of the czarist-era.<br /><br />the most noted sequence in the film, and perhaps in all of film history, is the odessa steps. the broad expanse of the steps are filled with hundreds of extras. rapid and dramatic violence is always suggested and not explicit yet the visual images of the deaths of a few will last in the minds of the viewer forever.<br /><br />the angular shots of marching boots and legs descending the steps are cleverly accentuated with long menacing shadows from a sun at the top of the steps. the pace of the sequence is deliberately varied between the marching soldiers and a few civilians who summon up courage to beg them to stop. a close up of a woman's face frozen in horror after being struck by a soldier's sword is the direct antecedent of the bank teller in bonnie in clyde and gives a lasting impression of the horror of the czarist regime.<br /><br />the death of a young mother leads to a baby carriage careening down the steps in a sequence that has been copied by hitchcock in foreign correspondent, by terry gilliam in brazil, and brian depalma in the untouchables. this sequence is shown repeatedly from various angles thus drawing out what probably was only a five second event.<br /><br />potemkin is a film that immortalizes the revolutionary spirit, celebrates it for those already committed, and propagandizes it for the unconverted. it seethes of fire and roars with the senseless injustices of the decadent czarist regime. its greatest impact has been on film students who have borrowed and only slightly improved on techniques invented in russia several generations ago.a milestone in cinematic history, 'bronenosets potyomkin' is one of the handful of great films out there that richly deserves to be called a classic. it was the picture that made sergei m. eisenstein a figurehead of film-making at the time. and today, it is still remembered as the wonderful piece of cinema it always has been.<br /><br />'potyomkin' is a film that needs to be seen as one entity, not to be picked at. don't just watch those clip shows where they only present the 'odessa steps' sequence and then move on to 'citizen kane' or 'the godfather', see it all in it's glorious 75-minute running time to really understand and enjoy it. don't expect every infinitesimal detail to be perfect though, i mean the acting of the '20s silent era makes 'scooby doo' look like a master of understated realism, certain plot points may seem illogical and some of the battle sequences look dated, but it is still an immensely enjoyable movie.<br /><br />the most memorable moments in the film are the mutiny on the battleship, vakulinchuk's body falling off the ship, the sailor under the tent at the end of the pier, the mother holding her dead child, the baby carriage on the odessa steps and the lion rising up to roar as further carnage ensues. for each new pair of eyes that look upon it, 'the battleship potemkin' comes alive once again.battleship potemkin is a celluloid masterpiece. the direction of<br /><br />eisenstein is truly a sight. the film chronicles a ship of disgruntled<br /><br />sailors who are tired of being mistreated by their superior officers.<br /><br />eventually, the sailors finally have enough of the abuse and send the<br /><br />officers packing. during this time period, there was a shortage of film<br /><br />stock in the soviet union. the goverment wanted to get their message<br /><br />out to the people so they started a national film company and one of<br /><br />the members was sergei eisenstein. the films were shot on miniscule<br /><br />budgets and the shortage of film stock forced eisentein to be careful<br /><br />and selective with the footage that he shot. in the end, eisenstein had<br /><br />to reuse footage in order to make a feature length picture.<br /><br />the most famous of the action set pieces in this film is the much<br /><br />talked about massacre on the steps. this scene was spoofed in bananas <br /><br />and most recently in brian de palma's the untouchables. if you want to<br /><br />learn film-making, i strongly advise you to watch battleship potemkin.<br /><br />it's one of the essentials.<br /><br />a+quite a lot has been said about this film and its landmark importance in forming the language of film. if you are interested in film history, to truly understand the innovations eisenstein brings to the medium you might try viewing potemkin along side most any film made before it (those of d.w. griffith offer a good contrast). it should be allowed that eisenstein was not the only montage theorist and the principles of montage editing would likely have been discovered by another given time. however, even today, few directors have approached the skill with which eisenstein created meaning through the combination of images at such an early point in the evolution of the medium.<br /><br />if you are not interested in that sort of thing, potemkin is still one of the most beautiful and moving films ever made. you should see it, buy it, and tatoo it to your chest.if you're a film student, or were one, or are thinking of becoming one, the name battleship potemkin has or will have a resonance. sergei eistenstein, like other silent-film pioneers like griffith (although eisenstein's innovations are not as commonplace as griffith's) and murnau, has had such an impact on the history of cinema it's of course taken for granted. the reason i bring up the film student part is because at some point, whether you'd like it or not, your film professor 9 times out of 10 will show the "odessa stairs" sequence of this film. it's hard to say if it's even the 'best' part of the film's several sequences dealing with the (at the time current) times of the russian revolution. but it does leave the most impact, and it can be seen in many films showcasing suspense, or just plain montage (the untouchables' climax comes to mind).<br /><br />montage, which was not just eistenstein's knack but also his life's blood early in his career, is often misused in the present cinema, or if not misused then in an improper context for the story. sometimes montage is used now as just another device to get from point a to point b. montage was something else for eisenstein; he was trying to communicate in the most direct way that he could the urgency, the passion(s), and the ultimate tragedies that were in the russian people at the time and place. even if one doesn't see all of eisenstein's narrative or traditional 'story' ideas to have much grounding (kubrick has said this), one can't deny the power of seeing the ships arriving at the harbor, the people on the stairs, and the soldiers coming at them every which way with guns. some may find it hard to believe this was done in the 20's; it has that power like the passion of joan of arc to over-pass its time and remain in importance if only in terms of technique and emotion.<br /><br />of course, one could go on for books (which have been written hundreds of times over, not the least of which by eisenstein himself). on the film in and of itself, battleship potemkin is really more like a dramatized newsreel than a specific story in a movie. the first segment is also one of the great sequences in film, as a mutiny is plotted against the captain and other head-ups of a certain ship. this is detailed almost in a manipulative way, but somehow extremely effective; montage is used here as well, but in spurts of energy that capture the eye. other times eisenstein is more content to just let the images speak for themselves, as the soldiers grow weary without food and water. he isn't one of those directors who will try to get all sides to the story; he is, of course, very much early 20th century russian, but he is nothing else but honest with how he sees his themes and style, and that is what wins over in the end.<br /><br />some may want to check it outside of film-school, as the 'stairs' sequence is like one of those landmarks of severe tragedy on film, displaying the ugly side of revolution. eisenstein may not be one of the more 'accessible' silent-film directors, but if montage, detail in the frame, non-actors, and bolshevik themes are your cup of tea, it's truly one of the must sees of a lifetime.written by science fiction veterans gerry and sylvia anderson. this space fantasy is aptly directed by robert parrish. experienced american astronaut colonel glenn ross(roy thinnes)agrees to a manned flight to the far side of the sun. the mission is to be controlled by jason webb(patrick wymark)and his euro sec space agency scientist john kane(ian hendry)will accompany ross. the two will explore a newly discovered planet that is in the same identical orbit as earth...except it is always hidden on the other side of the sun. ross is the only one to make it back to earth and has a very incredible story to tell. special effects may be better than the story line. nonetheless fun to watch. the cast also includes: lynn loring, loni von friedl, george sewell and herbert lom.this movie is a gem...an undiscovered gerry anderson classic.<br /><br />the origins of both "ufo" and "space 1999" are obvious from this movie, including the cast list which includes the late ed bishop and george sewell who both went onto "ufo".<br /><br />it is unfortunate that anderson, despite his many tv successes, did not get a chance to develop his talent on the big screen. just think what he could have done with the movie version of "thunderbirds" (which he quite rightly disowned himself from!).<br /><br />i'm sure if you give "jttfsots"/"doppleganger" a fair chance you'll appreciate it's good qualities.forget jimmy stewart reliving his life and opt for this smart comedy of errors instead. i suppose only institutionalized sexism explains why this flick and stanwyck's other great christmas story, "meet john doe" aren't revered with the same level of love as...well, you know it's name.<br /><br />stanwyck plays a food writer for a mccall's-type rag who has been lying for years to her pompous publisher about the folksy setting for her recipes. she's an ace b.s. artist until the day morgan's sailor is pulled from the ocean after 18 days afloat & 6 weeks recuperation in a navy hospital. released the last year of wwii, the film is dusted with subtle patriotic gestures and holiday nostalgia but never sinks to sentimentality. stanwyck is sexy and sassy as always and meets her match in the hunky morgan with whom it's love at first sight. unfortunately, she has to play married to gardiner's prissy architect who actually has been seeking her hand for years at his farm in ct, just to fool her boss.<br /><br />s.z. sakall adds a great deal of hungarian malaprop & double-entendre humor in support as babs' true source of culinary talent & una o'connor is hilarious as gardiner's obnoxious irish housekeeper.this movie has been a favorite of mine and is entwined with the christmas holidays for me for two reasons: (1) growing up in the 1960s, everything was space-related from advertising to television programs and even santa claus found himself in spaceships during that era; and (2) i saw this movie during a christmas shopping trip when i was ten years old and it brought back fond memories of my favorite tv shows when i was even younger ("supercar", fireball xl5", and "stingray",). therefore, i am a tad biased when it comes to this movie for personal reasons.<br /><br />that said, as a long-time student of film, this is mainly a movie for fans of gerry anderson (and barry gray; oh, that gorgeous score!) whereas the casual movie-watcher will be put off by the future-vision-from-the-past (dig those wild cars, commercial aircraft, clothes, etc.) and the so-called "plot twist" which will cause some to groan. however, if you can look past the post-"2001: a space odyssey" desire to make a science fiction film with a "far out" story line, and if you enjoy imaginative special effects, then you will enjoy this gem from an era when man had just walked on the moon and people were still looking up at the stars in wonder and hope for the future rather than looking down at the banal trappings of the actual 21st century.i'm a huge space buff, and at nearly 44, i've just discovered this flick for the first time. i came at it in a roundabout way from space 1999, then ufo. i went hunting for other anderson creations and found this was their first live-action work. what a home run! i actually heard about this movie many years ago, but never knew what it was called, so i'm happy to have found it by accident.<br /><br />these andersons were nothing short of amazing in their writing, the execution of the completely believable and realistic-looking models, the quality of acting, etc.<br /><br />i don't think it looks dated at all. let me tell you... i'll take good old models over the fake-looking cgi crap of today any time! seriously, most of the rocket scenes looked pretty real. they had it down to a science! if you choose to think of what you are looking at as real, it isn't hard to actually believe it.<br /><br />also, the amount of detail in set designs, the beautiful photography, the whole look... man, i wish i could go back to that time! they knew how to make great movies in the 60's. personally, i've lost all interest in hollywood movies today. anybody with a budget can do cgi. i hate it! bring back the models! think of all the people that style employed! anyway, i am ranting. :-) if you like good sci-fi that's very well-done, you will do yourself a service by watching this.i first saw this in the 70s on syndicated tv and admired its production values, which were high tech for the time. the remastered video is rich and colorful, far more intense then the pale 35 mm tv prints. this movie deserves more attention: it paved the way for ufo, space: 1999 and even star wars with its detailed miniatures and cleverly conceived gadgets. sure, the story of an alternative anti-matter planet earth has been recycled a hundred times since star trek, but the beauty of this film is its self-conscious european flair for design: from the rolls royce space engines to the "euro sec" letterhead business paper, jfss or dopplegangers as it was called in europe is enjoyable for the imaginary vision of europe in space in the shadow of the superpowers. gerry and sylvia anderson's ambitious epic gets a little tedious when the american astronaut finally realizes that he is on the doppleganger earth, and everything is literally downhill after the poetically graceful shuttle boarding sequence. a mediocre story is helped along by a grand and lyrical classical score by the late great barry gray, the john williams of britain.i have fond memories of watching this visually dazzling film as a child in the late 70s/early 80s on wor-tv (now upn-9) in ny. though a product of the swinging 60s, this film has hardly aged. the effects are just as wonderous as 2001, and in some ways superior (the model work is flawless). with an attractive cast, great color photography and set design, and an evocative score, jttfsots is a winner!"journey to the far side of the sun" (aka "doppelganger") is an entertaining, twilight zone-style sci-fi offering from gerry and sylvia anderson (the team behind space: 1999, ufo, thunderbirds, fireball xl-5 and others). in the film, roy thinnes (of the "invaders" tv show) and ian hendry star as astronauts sent on a flight to a planet which shares an exact orbit of the earth, but on the opposite side of the sun; hence previously hidden from view. a pushy european space flight director (over-acted by the late patrick wymark) gets the flight fast-tracked and after rigorous training , the astronauts are good to go. thus begins the best sequences in the film, the launch, flight and landing on the 'other' earth. dazzling rocket miniature work (by derek meddings) and a dream-like, elegant spaceflight (somewhat reminiscent of the best moments of "2001: a space odyssey") are easy highlights of the movie. the landing on the "doppelganger" earth is both exciting and eerie. after this, the twilight zone aspect of the film kicks in; with a plot lifted almost whole from the classic tz episode, "the parallel." that aside, the film is still solid sci-fi, with some intriguing 'mirror-world' stuff to chew on (backwards writing and left-handed handshakes, for example). less successful are the scenes depicting a mid-21st century earth; where all the men wear turtlenecks and nehru jackets and all the women wear mini-skirts. some of the relationships with women in the film are very 'non-pc' by today's standards as well. and (in the most consistent failing of most 20th century sci-fi) the computers, telephones and other hardware are all big, colorful and clunky (right out of patrick mcgoohan's "the prisoner"). no one foresaw the digital microprocessor age! if one can accept these failings in foresight, the movie is very interesting, with a solid lead performance by thinnes as the troubled astronaut. and with a nice, 1960s/early '70s style nihilistic ending! for fans of retro sci-fi (like myself) this is a "journey" worth taking!'doppleganger', ( or 'journey to the far side of the sun' as it is more commonly known ) was written ( with input by the late donald james ) and produced by gerry and sylvia anderson, best known for their 'supermarionation' television shows such as 'thunderbirds'.<br /><br />the international space agency eurosec discovers the existence of a mysterious planet on the other side of the sun, and proposes a manned flight be sent there. the committee balk at the exhorbitant cost, and shelve the project. but when a security leak at the agency is discovered, fearing that the russians might get there first, the project gets the green light.<br /><br />american astronaut glenn ross ( roy thinnes ) is teamed with british scientist john kane ( ian hendry ). after weeks of gruelling training, the phoenix blasts off, heading for the unknown.<br /><br />three weeks later, their ship crashes in what appears to be a bleak, mountainous landscape. ross survives, but kane is badly injured. a light is seen moving towards them...<br /><br />i will leave the synopsis here. until this point, the film has been gripping, with excellent special effects ( by derek meddings ) and music by anderson's resident composer barry gray ( why it has not been issued on c.d. is a mystery ). but when ross and kane crash land, and we discover the secret of the alien world - it is a duplicate of our own, everyone on it is the same, the only major difference is that things are reversed - it becomes less interesting, and ends with a shattering anti-climax. i think the cinema was the wrong place to do this idea, in fact gerry & sylvia later did something similar on their 'space: 1999' show. ross risks ( and ultimately loses ) his life in an effort to return to earth - his earth. but why? the new earth is so similar he might as well not have bothered.<br /><br />roy thinnes had recently done 'the invaders' television series, and gives a competent performance ( pity there weren't more scenes like the one where he rows with his wife ). ian hendry is good as 'kane', but vanishes from the story too soon. several actors went on to appear in the andersons' 'u.f.o.' such as ed bishop and george sewell. blink and you will miss nicholas courtney ( 'the brigadier' from 'dr.who' in a tiny role ). but the acting honours go to the late patrick wymark as 'jason webb', head of eurosec. the character is not far removed from 'sir john wilder', the one he played in a.t.v.'s 'the power game'. webb is such a devious character he is marvellous to watch. herbert lom's contribution ( as a spy with a camera hidden in a false eye ) amounts to little more than a cameo.<br /><br />like i said, the special effects are marvellous, as are the sets. so the film is worth watching, but do not expect very much to happen once the action moves to the mirror planet. with a stronger script, this could have been another 'planet of the apes' or - dare i say it - '2001: a space odyssey'.<br /><br />in anderson's productions, he made the future seem like a great place, an adventure playground where science was cool, everyone had swank cars whose doors opened vertically, sexy women, and absolutely no suggestion that anything is seriously wrong with the world. we are in the future now and people are still watching 'coronation street' every other night. how disappointing. if a mirror earth really exists somewhere, one hopes that is a better place than this one. if all the women there look like lynn loring or loni von friedl, i will be on the next flight!this is an excellent anderson production worth comparing with the best episodes of ufo or space 1999 (first series). of course it isn't some sfx extravaganza or star wars pseudo-mystic tripe fest, but a subtle movie that has a slow pace, yet it conveys the creepy, eerie and uncanny atmosphere of the best anderson productions: for lovers of 'cerebral' sci-fi. lynn loring's voice is absolutely awful. sfx are good for this kind of product and acting is good as well. two astronauts visit a planet on the opposite side of the sun but crash land home instead...or do they? ah, videophones! every now and then peddled as the next 'everyone's gadget next decade' but still to happen 40 years later. the device of earth's twin planet on the opposite side of the sun also returns in gamera tai daiakuju giron (1969), so who copied whom?i saw this movie in the early 70's when i was about 10 yrs. old on tv. it was on after school, and as i watched, i was so drawn into the whole idea of the two astronauts going on a mission to another undiscovered planet, that i asked my mom if i could get the cassette recorder out. she let me. so i wrapped the cord of the mic around the channel knob, so the mic was hanging in front of the speaker. this movie is the first one i ever paid enough attention to - and cared enough about to record. (just the audio - there were no vcrs at the time.) the plot will have you hanging onto every word.. every minute of this film.. the ending will blow your mind. after watching the journey to the far side of the sun.. you will have flash-backs in your mind about it for a long time. i did replay the audio recording for many years... and "saw" it over and over in my mind. then - maybe 15 years later.. when vcr's were common, and they sold tapes in stores.. i always looked for it.. but never found it. but when the internet came along one day i searched for it and purchased it in a second. so.. after about 30 years after seeing it for the first time - i got to see it again. wow!~~ it was spectacular! just for reference.. i must have watched it 50 times since.one of my favourite films, whenever it is on, although i do admit one time missing it when it was on foxtel last year.<br /><br />despite the age of the film it doesn't look like that and the story even though it'd been done a thousand times before still felt entertaining. there were one or two little niggles for me in the story but i looked past them and just enjoyed the film for what it was.<br /><br />overall i give it a 7/10this lesser known film starring roy thinnes (from tv's invaders) is actually what i consider a lost gem. it was made at a time where the story was more important that the special effects (though the effect are fairly good for its time). a scientist theorizes that there is another world in earth's orbit directly behind the sun. since the sun always blocks it from us we can never see it from earth. roy thinnes is selected to go on a mission to get to this world. i don't want to tell the rest of the plot because it will give the rest of the movie away. let's just say there are some real surprises.<br /><br />the movie is british and has that good british flavor of acting that was in such tv series like the avengers.at the time that this movie was made most housewives knew exactly who barbara stanwick was parodying.today only some women over 50 probably remember gladys taber,whose column "butternut wisdom" ran in family circle magazine from before world war ii until the 1970's.she lived on stillmeadow farm in conecticut,and her columns were collected into a number of books,stillmeadow seasons, stillmeadow daybook, etc. the lines that barbara stanwick recites as she types them for her column are quite typical of the ones that began a typical gladys taber column.besides cooking and country living,she got rather nostalgic and philosophical at times.she talked a lot about her favorite dogs, mostly cocker spaniels.you might say that martha stewart is the gladys tabor of today.<br /><br />christmas is connecticut may not be any cinematic masterpiece,but it is pleasant,lighthearted entertainment,soothing to the stressed out mind,and that is good enoughwhen i saw that this film was being aired on late night tv i initially decided to give it a miss. i am glad that i then started watching. yes the special effects are the same as gerry andersen's puppet shows. some of the actors/actresses are from his other productions, he obviously used the same composer later on, as the cheesy soundtrack could only have come from one of his productions, and the plot is as slow as a wet weekend. get by all that and you have a film that shows up intriguing possibilities. is there a planet on the far side of the sun? is it a duplicate earth? is everything about it reversed and if so do they speak english in reverse? i love this dated sf if only for gerry's wonderful model cars, planes, buildings and spaceships. some of them are not so far fetched as they seemed back then. and did you see the european space centre logo? very reminiscent of the euro logo of today. suspend belief and spend a couple of hours watching this, you will be glad you did.journey to the far side of the sun is about the discovery of a planet on the other side of the sun which shares the same orbit as earth and therefore has been undiscovered until a space probe on the far side of the sun photographs it. of course two astronauts (roy thinnes & ian hendry) are sent to explore it but due to a malfunction they crash & find themselves back on earth only 3 weeks into their six week journey. of course they're berated (at least thinnes is, hendry is gravely injured) and grilled and asked why they turned back on their mission but it's claimed that they didn't. until thinnes seems to notice a few very odd things about being back "home". this is excellent if somewhat talky at times, and the sets and feel aren't a far cry from "thunderbirds" territory but will live actors for once. it's no big "star wars" type production but more quiet science fiction that one has to think about a bit. well worth seeing and it's criminal that the dvd is out of print. 8 out of 10.gerry anderson's first live-action foray in the way of a major motion picture that benefits from incredible model fx work and,a great barry gray music score. the reel-to-reel analog computers, in the far-off year "2069" (i guess anderson really wanted a safe date of a 100 years later!) are a hoot to see as are the guru-jacket fashions, but one could easily accuse 2001 of the same violations, but no one could have foreseen some things as they turn out. this film was the springboard for the series ufo the following year, and in fact not only had the same fx people, and producers but many of the cast were regulars in that show.<br /><br />it always comes off like an "alternate history" future more than anything else-the "apollo-like" rocket used in the lift-off, it always seems like this is really another planet than earth. given the "alternate earth" plot, one would assume that was the feeling they wanted. we end up with an ending that posits more questions than answers. that because the "other earth" exists every movement, event and thing said is duplicated as it's happening on both worlds. because of that given, and the sun in between, the two versions of the same person (in this case glenn ross, astronaut) can never meet. a complete accident discovered the planet in the first place when it would have most likely stayed a secret forever.<br /><br />filmed mostly in portugal with fx work in england, it's a must-own for any gerry anderson fan. i have the image bare bones dvd from a few years ago now out of print, but one hopes universal will re-release it with, perhaps extras and even a gerry anderson commentary.fans of gerry anderson's productions will recognise several actors and vehicles from ufo (which was made after doppelgã¤nger) - as well as sound effects from various anderson series. barry gray's excellent music (mostly unique to this film) adds to the feeling of familiarity. for these reasons alone, i think any gerry anderson fan would find doppelgã¤nger worth getting.<br /><br />judged simply as a film, it has to be said that doppelgã¤nger is flawed. it is known that there were major problems during production, and i suspect this is why there is a time-consuming plot thread that ends abruptly and appears to have no relevance to the rest of the story. presumably time/budget constraints prevented the relevance from emerging!<br /><br />distractingly, the special effects range from outstandingly good - better than any 1960s film that i know of - to disappointingly bad. <br /><br />nevertheless, even with these flaws, doppelgã¤nger's main story is well told and keeps the viewer (or, at least, this viewer) engaged throughout. the ending is perhaps not what one might expect from anderson, yet at the same time it is typical of anderson, and it is certainly appropriate. to find out what i mean you'll have to watch it for yourself. :)interesting premise; interestingly worked out; the strongest feature of this film is the emotional tension of the astronaut who knows a truth, but is unable to convey it to others. overlook the weaknesses and just enjoy the movie, but be prepared for a certain level of suspense.all right, i'll grant you that some of the science in "doppelganger" (or "journey to the far side of the sun") is kind of dopey.the idea of an entire planet existing undetected (because we can't see it on the other side of our sun) doesn't hold up at all - any astronomy 101 student knows that another planet the size of earth would cause gravitational perturbances in the motions of other planets. that's how astronomers deduced the existence of pluto, after all, and that's how they find comets and asteroids and moons on a regular basis.<br /><br />and the idea that a mirror image earth somehow evolved in almost perfect parallel to our earth, down to english speaking scientists and human counterparts for each human born on our earth...that takes things out of 'hard science' fiction and into "twilight zone" territory. that's not necessarily a bad thing, but it requires a major suspension of critical thinking to accept and enjoy. <br /><br />but man, this movie knocked my socks off as an adolescent. i was still used to fairly cheerful, upbeat science fiction films when the hero won through in the end - even "2001" could be interpreted as having an 'upbeat' ending. <br /><br />but in this case: thinnes attempted to dock with his orbiting mothership so he could return to his own earth, only to be bounced back out of his docking berth (something about 'the polarities not being reversed because his 'doppelganger' wasn't doing the same thing. apparently thinnes' 'doppelganger' had decided he was happy in his new home.) thinnes' ship started the descent back to the counterearth launch site, and i was certain that he would somehow get the damaged craft to land safely and try again, armed with the new info that would let him and his backers succeed. he was the hero after all, and the hero always wins through in the end. <br /><br />instead, thinnes couldn't maintain control of the crippled craft, and the ship's subsequent crash into the launch site was so horrible and devastating that it killed everyone (except for the chief project leader) and destroyed all records of the project and thinnes' existence. thinnes never got to go home, and he perished uselessly, his secrets never revealed. <br /><br />except for the planet of the apes series, i had never seen such a sad and downbeat ending, and it always stuck in my mind - especially the ferocious devastation of the crash scene near the beginning of the move (you knew that spaceship was never going to fly again!) and the one at the very end. <br /><br />i'd love to see this movie again, and see how well it held up over the years.in this film, the astronauts sent to explore a newly-discovered planet must deal with several dilemmas, and they do so intelligently. the film approaches it's main plot theme in a unique way, and unfolds it gradually, though it can be guessed beforehand.<br /><br />the acting is very good, though sometimes stiff, as some late-60s acting can be. it can also be somewhat wordy and even melodramatic, especially after the plot theme reveals itself. visually, it has a scene that resembles one in the previous year's "2001: a space odyssey", and that tends to date the movie. some of the actors went on to star in the 1970 tv show "ufo," which is delightfully campy and worth checking out on dvd.<br /><br />despite these small points, the space flight itself is realistic, and considering this was 1969, the scenes inside the cockpit of the spacecraft also had a realistic look. (look for some 1990s/2000s video technology in use, too!) one thing: i suspect a love scene has been cut, but i can't prove it! it would have been a distraction anyway.<br /><br />unlike most sci-fi films, this film will make you think about the plot, and that's well worth a look. i'm pleased to have this film in my video library.this is the question that astronauts roy thinnes and ian hendry ask themselves when they discover a parallel world of earth always hidden on the far side of the sun in this 1969 cult science fiction melodrama, released here in america as journey to the far side of the sun. the plot of the film was devised by british writers gerry and sylvia anderson, the creators of such tv shows as "ufo", "the thunderbirds" and "space 1999". it is exceedingly weird at times, betraying the influence of "the twilight zone" and even stanley kubrick's classic 2001: a space odyssey. the visual effects work of derek meddings, who would also later work on superman: the movie, holds up surprisingly well under the last three decades of special effects advancements; and while they are not really on the same exalted level of the kubrick film, they are very superb. if you don't anticipate a star wars-type of a film and can overcome the occasionally trite dialogue, doppelganger is a good film; it was good enough for me to rank it a '7' and consider it an undiscovered sci-fi gem.i had never seen this movie before it aired on a local cable sci-fi network. it reminded me of the irwin allen tv series of the late 60's (time tunnel etc). excellent effects (they beat star trek 5 done 20 years later, but then that wasn't very hard to accomplish).<br /><br />i found the script very intriguing and mature for this type of production. they would have needed a few touch ups to tie some loose ends on the characters' level, but for a kid movie its surprisingly interesting (especially the the glimpse at futuristic euro- politics, surprisingly similar to today's european union!)<br /><br />the plot is indeed reminiscent of twilight zone in general (as other users have pointed), but in this case it's a compliment.<br /><br />great sets, by the way!<br /><br />7/10this movie is surprisingly good. the ninja fighting sequences were unbelievable. i haven't see all sho kosugi's films but this is probably the best of those i've seen. probably the most impressive fighting sequence was at the beginning when ninja killed about 20 people, that was one of the most impressive ninja fighting sequences i've ever seen. another good fighting sequence was at a cops funeral where the ninja provide more people to bury. the last fight was also very impressive. also i kinda liked the soundtrack of this movie. the story was good enough for a ninja-movie, actually it was kinda different from other ninja-movies. so if you are a fan of ninja-movies, you'll probably like this one.from the perspective of the hectic, contemporary world in which we live, the so called `good old days' always seem so much more serene and innocent; an idyllic era gone by of which we have only memories and shadows that linger on the silver screen, as with `christmas in connecticut,' a warm and endearing film directed by peter godfrey. barbara stanwyck stars as elizabeth lane, a popular `martha stewart' type magazine columnist who writes about life on her beloved farm in connecticut, always with the latest recipe at the center of the story. one of her biggest fans is alexander yardley, played by sidney greenstreet, the publisher of the magazine for which she writes. yardley has never visited her farm, and in response to an idea expressed to him in a letter from a nurse, mary (joyce compton), he decides to spend an old fashioned christmas with elizabeth, her husband and child and, as a special guest, a certain mr. jefferson jones (dennis morgan), a sailor just recovered from spending fifteen days at sea on a raft after his ship was torpedoed. elizabeth of course cannot refuse her boss, but there are problems; not the least of which is the fact that she has no farm and writes her column from the comfort of a high-rise in the city. it makes for a precarious situation for her as well as her editor, dudley beecham (robert shayne), as the one thing mr. yardley demands from his employees is total honesty. what follows is a charming and delightfully romantic comedy that transports the audience back to a seemingly more simple time and place, to share a christmas past where a warm hearth, good food and kindness prevail.<br /><br />barbara stanwyck absolutely sparkles as elizabeth, with a smile and presence warmer than anything the grandest hearth could provide, and totally convincing as a city girl entirely out of her element on the farm. morgan also fares well as the somewhat naive sailor, whose trust in his fellow man is admirable. even with the deceptions being played out around him, he's the kind of guy you know will somehow land on his feet, and in the end it's elizabeth you really feel for. one of the true delights of this film, however, is sidney greenstreet. his yardley has a gruff exterior, but beneath you know without a doubt that this is a man with a heart as big as texas. it's a straightforward, honest portrayal, and it's a joy to watch him work; the most memorable scenes in the movie belong to him.<br /><br />the supporting cast includes reginald gardiner (john sloan), the terrific una o'connor (norah), frank jenks (sinkewicz) and dick elliott (judge crothers). a feel-good movie that plays especially well during the christmas season (though it would work any time of the year), `christmas in connecticut' is a memorable film that never takes itself too seriously, is thoroughly uplifting and will leave you with a warm spot in your heart and a sense of peace that makes the world seem like a good place to be. it's a true classic, and one you do not want to miss. i rate this one 10/10.<br /><br />this is probably the only female ninja movie ever made. it's great as a b film and the action sequences are a lot of fun to watch. this movie is just so deliciously 80's. you'll never see another film like it. check it out for some 80's retro fun.for many and many years, gaijin have visited japan for learning martial arts, instead of acquiring any knowledge on it, gainjin have been told only nihonjin could achieve the excelent performance required to show some techniques in a "public" performance such as a movie...<br /><br />this one special movie, made by sho kosugi, not only shows all of those techniques and skills, but also teaches many and many lessons on how to achieve them, and one can verify that by seeing a lucinda dickey performing fantastic and unforgettable acting skills in ninjutsu...<br /><br />i strongly recommend watching this movie more than thrice, because three times is not enough to seek out hints and tips given so easily by sho kosugi to those who really seek knowledge itself, the gnosis...wow. i've never seen nor heard of this film. it just came on tv (2:00 am) and i am in complete awe. setup: a bunch of rich fat cats are out golfing. one knocks a ball into the rough. it lands by a ninja!!!! a tuxedoed man walks over to pick the ball up. the ninja grabs it. crushes it in his hand. man pulls gun. ninja pulls blowgun. ninja blows dart into gun barrel. gun explodes!!!! this is just the beginning of the greatness, people. everyone must see this movie. 10 big ol fat stars from trusty.there are few movies that have the massive amount of non stop ninja action as ninja iii: the domination. this is a story of love, redemption and revenge, however, this is mainly a story about flipping out and killing people for no reason at all. if you've been searching for a movie where a ninja goes absolutely nuts and takes all kinds of people to their graves just because he's a ninja and he can do it, this is the movie for you. i can't think of any movies to compare this to, because no movie is this awesome. wait, oh, have you ever seen the thing with two heads? there is a part in that where the titular thing is riding around on a motorcycle and about a million cop cars are chasing it/them around, but they keep crashing and what not because you can't catch the thing with two heads!!! well, that is kind of what ninja iii is like. i highly recommend this film especially if you like the following things: ninjas, swords, lucinda dickie from breakin' and breakin' 2: electric boogaloo, video games about being a bouncer in a bar, ambiguous and underdeveloped love stories or "good" ninjas.this is an action packed film that makes me feel very peaceful and relaxed every time i see it. the film (short of its conclusion) demonstrates that in the face of extreme odds, it is still possible to prevail.<br /><br />this film is very refreshing, and likely to be banned at any moment. get a copy of it before the thought police burn every copy they can find. they don't want you to have hope for the future, or to think you have a chance.<br /><br />on the other hand, should political correctness fail to supress it, this would be an excellent movie to release on dvd. such a release could contain interviews with the writer and director, and related goodies. i'm sure it would sell some copies, and i would be one of the first to buy it.<br /><br />- minckaexcellent plot line makes this movie one of the classic, cult ninja flicks of all time. the plot being that this woman's soul is possessed by an evil ninja spirit. i mean to be honest if i could obtain ninja ability through possession i would. furthermore, for being in the 80's and such the fact that the ninja aspect was far greater in this particular decade is evident and despite all that, ninja 3 the domination manages to keep it original from the american ninja cookie cutter molds that plagued the 80's for so long. this chick is definitely michael dudikoff on steroids.... i mean the first american ninja was great but let's get real folks it has nothing on ninja 3after seeing this movie, i have no choice but to write a review in the hopes that there are others like me out there who were blown away by the rocket fueled ninja action and white hot sexual titillation that is ninja iii: the domination.<br /><br />we all know that sho kosugi rocks. that is a given, but how about jordan bennett's ultra macho interpretation of his character police officer "billy secord"? bravo mr. bennett, bravo. you prove early on, while trying to seduce the buxom christie (played to perfection by one miss lucinda dickey of breakin' fame)that you are not afraid to take chances on your craft. i particularly enjoyed how you do not feel the need to step in and attempt to help her as 4 thugs try to rape her outside her gym. oh you could have helped sure, but by standing there and watching you let her know who was boss. secord will wear the pants in this relationship. i also enjoyed how mr. bennett was not afraid to repeatedly take off his shirt or wear the wife-beater tank top despite his gorilla like shoulders and back. back and shoulder hair are hot and secord knows it. and how about lucinda dickey? all i can say is "kaboom" - i see a sex bomb getting ready to explode. she's got all the right moves as both a temptress and a martial arts whiz. the chemistry behind dickey and bennett is what makes this movie tick. you'd think she would hate him because he's kind of a cheesy jerk, but no my friends. the animal magnetism is too strong to resist, and they bond like crazy glue. sho kasugi is not as prominent as you might think, though still a main character, which is fine by me because all i wanted was more bennett and dickey. he does seem to wear a lot of eye makeup which was nice to see. the special effects? wow. that is all i can say. i will not give away the ending but let's just say it will not disappoint. i love ninja iii: the domination, and can only hope that there is a ninja 4. i give it a 5 out of 5 throwing stars. disappoint.this film is the greatest ninja film ever made in my opinion and if you haven't seen it then its worth watching. i would rate this film a 10/10 if you want to see more then check out http://uk.geocities.com/ninja3thedomination the opening sequence where the evil ninja is killing everyone in his way is excellent his character is the best. he then has to possesses ayoung woman who finds him dying. she then has to take revenge on the cops that killed him which means there's more killing and action. but only a ninja can destroy a ninja so she and her boyfriend who is also one of her targets enlist the help of yamad(sho kosugi) to release the evil ninjas spirit and destroy him.i've always been fascinated by ninjistsu, who would know that it will go further than beyond. in "ninja iii", it's fun creepy and intriguing. a ninja gets shot up by the police, and uses his spirit for revenge. the victim, a lovely young woman named christie(lucinda dickey). she falls for the cop who was involved in the shooting. the love scene where she pours the v8 on her body knocked me out! the ninja's death gets the attention of another in japan named yamada(sho kosugi) he comes to america not only to save christie, but to put the ninja back to the grave. simply because he put out yamada's left eye with a shuriken(throwing star). the fight scenes were excellent. i liked the part when the plywood falls on yamada, and he splits it with his foot. and when he was caught, he tells the officer christie was involved with that everything will be fine. rule of thumb: never under estimate a ninja. he took out the other cops without killing them. and he did his thing without worry. of course, chirstie did her best trying to put the ninja in his place for using her a tool for revenge. it was a good movie, great for martial arts buffs. 3 out of 5 stars!this is a pretty silly film, including what may well be the least erotic come-on ever to make it to the big screen (the heroine pours v-8 all over herself and invites the hero to lick it off -- yuck!). and yet it also features the resplendent lucinda dickey in what is far and away her most erotic performance. in those long ago days, women -- even action heroines -- with real muscles were a rarity, and i can still remember the way my jaw dropped when dickey took off her shirt, revealing the most powerfully built female back and biceps i'd ever seen. dickey's beauty and vitality carry the film: she could have been a female schwarzenegger if anybody had had the vision to promote her.i first saw this film about 15 years ago, and i have been enchanted by it ever since. it is such a feel-good experience, that i could happily watch it at any time of the year. however, to me, it is the ultimate christmas movie.<br /><br />the fact that it is in b&w is irrelevant - although i often wonder what it would be like in colour. you can just get that warm, glowing feeling watching the christmas events unfold. <br /><br />stanwyck and morgan are perfect together, and greenstreet is the antithesis of his usual character, sakall is a blustering joy to watch.<br /><br />it is light relief and certainly does not tax the brain, but leaves you feeling glad that you saw it.<br /><br />i can't wait for it to become available on dvd in the uk. i shall certainly be at the front of the queue to buy it.as well as being a portrayal of a lesbian love story, fire is also a comic satire of middle-class (?) indian culture. i find this is a quality which is little appreciated about the movie. these two genres (i.e. deep meaningful alternative-love story and comic satire) usually mix together just as well as oil and water do, but mehta (somehow) manages to achieve the balance to near perfection. the servant jatin's behaviour, the family's treatment of him, the bedridden grandmother's constant inescapable presence, ashok's obsession with a swami's teachings: coming from a culture much like india's, these are things i can immediately identify as being typical. they have been crying out to be pointed out and ridiculed. while developing her primary subject matter, mehta manages to achieve this secondary theme skillfully. in fact, much of the humour in the film which provides essential relief from the heavy subjects of taboo lesbian love and gender issues, stem from this satire of the seemingly ordinary. the film flows from the comic to the serious with great subtelty.<br /><br />all in all, brilliant use of symbolic devices (radha compared to sita of legend and coming out of fire unscathed and, therefore pure; the lifelong desire of the young radha to see the ocean finally achieved when she gains freedom). kudos to shabana azmi(radha), the lighting crew and deepa mehta; their very un-hollywood-like (and un-bollywood-like!) talents made this movie special. one criticism: the first scenes seemed rather disjointed to me in that they did not flow into each other very well.<br /><br />the verdict: 9 on 10. nothing less for a movie with scenes so burned on my mind.this might be my favorite so bad it's awesome film of all time. like many pre-teen children of the 80's repeat viewing of revenge of ninja spawned a ninja phase of my childhood. man i thought sho k. was badass back then. jet li could wup him with both legs in a cast! this movie has insane crossovers that include flashdance,the exorcist and the lee van cleef ninja tv show. ugh. but as a friend of mine says anyone can get a good movie made it takes true genius to make a film that starts with a ninja surviving 17 shotgun blasts long enough to take over the body of arobics instructor to get revenge. wow. while previous commentors have metioned the sword flying out of the closet on the string no one has yet metioned the powerful love scene. where the sexy leading man cop takes off his shirt to reveal a mane of backhair. the fun never ends. rent this!!!!!!sam firstenberg's "ninja 3:the domination" mixes martial arts with "the exorcist" like horror.the horror elements thrown on screen are simply laughable,but the film works as a mindless action/martial arts flick.the fight scenes are well-choreographed and exciting,and the film is never boring.so forget stupid dialogue,lame acting and annoying soundtrack-grab some beer and check this one out!highly recommended!canadian film-maker ron switzer delivers a solid, non-stop thrill ride of relentless horror with the superb 1991 sci-fi film "science crazed". a hideous monster takes revenge on his mother, a police officer and tenants of an apartment building. brilliant practical make-up and special effects designs create a truly terrifying monster, especially when lurking through the atmospheric shadows and smoke of the gloomy apartment settings. the characters are developed beautifully with outstanding and surprisingly touching performances from an ensemble cast. produced by donna switzer, newcomer ron switzer also penned the film's face-paced script, weaving together an engaging roller-coaster ride of twists, turns, and terror that keeps you guessing until the last frame. science crazed will no doubt leave you haunted long after the shocking conclusion. highly recommended!for those who expect documentaries to be objective creatures, let me give you a little lesson in american film-making.<br /><br />documentaries rely heavily on casting. you pick and choose characters you think will enhance the drama and entertainment value of your film.<br /><br />after you have shot a ton of footage, you splice it together to make a film with ups and downs, turning points, climaxes, etc. if you have trouble with existing footage, you either shoot some more that makes sense, find some stock footage, or be clever with your narration.<br /><br />the allegation that the filmmakers used footage of locales not part of the movie (favelas next to beautiful beaches) does not detract from the value of the film as a dramatic piece and the particular image is one that resonates enough to justify its not-quite-truthful inclusion. at any rate, you use the footage you can. so they didn't happen to have police violence footage for that particular neighborhood. does this mean not include it and just talk about it or maybe put in some cartoon animation so the audience isn't "duped"? um, no.<br /><br />as for the hopeful ending, why not? yes, americans made it. yes, americans are optimistic bastards. but why end on a down note? just because it's set in a foreign country and foreign films by and large end on a down note? let foreigners portray the dismal outlook of life.<br /><br />let us americans think there may be a happy ending looming in the future. there just may be one.unlike the previous poster, i liked the celluloid treatment. it looked good, and made the movie that much more enjoyable to watch. to me, it didn't detract at all from the power of the documentary's content. in fact, i felt the slickness of the look allowed me to just lose myself that much more in the content. the previous poster was fair to liken the style to a nike commercial; it definitely has that look. but for my tastes, it worked really well (and i am far from a fan of nike commercials).<br /><br />in my opinion, this is how documentary film-making should be done. i can't wait to see the next installments from these promising filmmakers.the producer, matt mochary, stumbled upon the film's subject, anderson sa (leader of the afroreggae music movement), when on a hewlett foundation trip to rio de janeiro. mochary was so moved by sa's story that he called his friend, nyc filmmaker jim zimbalist, who quit his job and joined mochary in brazil to work on a documentary on sa, rio's favelas, and the culture of violence.<br /><br />the first part of the film shows you the culture of violence in rio's favelas (shantytowns where the poor live) via footage of police raids and assaults on the residents. the footage is graphic and shocking.<br /><br />rising from the negativity of the favelas is the charismatic anderson sa, who overcame a possible career in drug dealing to start the afroreggae movement, which combines elements of afro-brazilian culture, reggae, ska, and other elements into a fast-paced, percussion heavy style of music which has since spread to other parts of the world. you can't help but be carried away by the music, especially when you see the local children get involved in sa's school, which he founded to keep kids out of drug gangs. the rest of the film follows sa's meteoric rise and his positivity changes many of the children's lives to seek a life beyond drug running. spoiler: just when the filmmakers thought they had wrapped filming, an unbelievable life changing event occurs of which the resolution has to be seen to be believed. the film then continues and you are gripped in your seat until the end.<br /><br />this film is a response to "city of god," and a worthy one at that. the bleak situation portrayed in that movie is countered by a real example of how favela dwellers can overcome the dire situation they are in and use their resources to constructive ends. you can't help not liking and rooting for anderson sa to succeed.<br /><br />this film is terrifically shot, fast-paced, and is quite absorbing. judging by the overwhelming response of the audience at last night's silverdocs screening, the film should get domestic distribution in the us and the thumping soundtrack should be released as well. keep an eye for this superlative documentary--it is excellent!scintillating documentary about how a small group of idealistic young men have used music, art and dance to unify and heal the community of vigario geral, one of the most violent slum neighborhoods in rio ("favela" means neighborhood in portuguese), offering to its young people a positive alternative to the lethal gangster world of drug traffickers.<br /><br />in their feature film-making debut, zimbalist and mochary have crafted a movie that is breathtaking because it works on so many different levels. as social document, it gives the facts we need to know to have a context for understanding the significance of the particular story told here. the story itself is well developed, with a strong narrative arc, and, for added measure, it is shot through with keen suspense. there's an arresting, charismatic central protagonist, anderson sa: he's a savvy natural leader, articulate, courageous, spiritually evolved, a talented performer, a visionary who walks his talk.<br /><br />there's also plenty of music and dancing to entertain. there are talking heads â? mainly sa and his closest associate, jose junior - but they are presented with imaginative cinematic brilliance. the editing nicely mixes footage of differing themes, punctuated only occasionally by a few fact-filled still texts. the pace is as lively as the music. a lot gets accomplished in 78 minutes.<br /><br />grupo afro reggae, the neighborhood social club that anderson, junior and a few others formed in 1993, deploy music and dance as the weapons to go up against the drug lords and the duplicitous police. they teach percussion skills to any kid who wants to join a class, along with dance, martial arts, a community newspaper. the only requirement for kids to belong is no smoking, no drinking, no drugs. there is a subtle, soft sell spiritual fabric running through the movement, loosely based on the hindu god shiva, the destroyer of old habits.<br /><br />jeff zimbalist, who also was the lead cinematographer and the editor, is a modern culture and media student at brown university. he burnished his chops editing feature documentaries for pbs and others, and he teaches film at the new york film academy and elsewhere. matt mochary, like andrew jarecki ("capturing the friedmans") did a few years ago, recently came to film from the business world.<br /><br />zimbalist and mochary together won the award for best new filmmakers at the 2005 tribbeca film festival, and "favela rising" was tied for the best film of the year in awards made for 2005 by the international documentary association. i could go on for pages about afro reggae, sa, and this movie. a way better idea is simply for you to go see it! my grade: a 10/10for once a story of hope highlighted over the tragic reality our youth face. favela rising draws one into a scary, unsafe and unfair world and shows through beautiful color and moving music how one man and his dedicated friends choose not to accept that world and change it through action and art. an entertaining, interesting, emotional, aesthetically beautiful film. i showed this film to numerous high school students as well who all live in neighborhoods with poverty and and gun violence and they were enamored with anderson, the protagonist. i recommend this film to all ages over 13 (due to subtitles and some images of death) from all backgrounds.i'm surprised with the questions and issues this documentary has brought up in the reviews here, specially because they're indeed interesting questions. surely, the ones who could best address it would be the makers of the film themselves. nevertheless, i think i can shed some light upon something that i think has been overlooked, which is, in my opinion, the purpose of the film, what it is about and what it's trying to convey. what's its message after all? at the risk of pointing out the very obvious, i'll start saying the filmmakers have an intention. they're trying to tell a story, extract meaning out of it and get a point across. with this in mind, we can shoot down many of the criticized points, particularly the ones involving what people expected in contrast with what the filmmakers were really trying to show. causes and consequences of violence? the film is not about that. it's not "enlightening non-brazilian audiences" about the brazilian favelas' issue? well, who wanted to do that? is afroreggae this or that and supported by whom? it doesn't matter in this context. not enough women in the film for your tastes? it's not about equality or the feminist cause. every little detail about anderson's life, mother, son, family and all the aspects and the workings of the afroreggae movement? well, don't be so picky because it doesn't matter. there's just so much length a story can have before it can't become a film anymore. if the authors were to show everything everyone is expecting, they'd have to make a 6 months tv series instead. if you are expecting all that, you approach the film the wrong way.<br /><br />the film is actually about two individuals who started a movement. two individuals full of ideals. two individuals who thirst for change. two individuals trying to do something about all the wrongdoing going around them. individuals who went rock bottom and wanted to get up again. it's all about finding purpose in life, drawing inspiration from misery, changing the destiny and becoming something else than what they were destined to be -- criminals and drug dealers for that matter. it's about achievement and hope and not about the cruel reality of violence in rio de janeiro, though it's an integral part of the film given that's what the characters are constantly surrounded by. unexpectedly and not without a reason, the film ends up centered much more on anderson's course through difficulties in life. this is because they were faced with anderson's accident while they were shooting the film. i'm not sure about this, but they may have even seriously considered ending the filming right there, leaving behind all effort spent. but anderson wanted to keep going. and so they did, risking to lose in having a film with a bit of an identity crisis, considering the sudden change of course, but gaining in showing someone overcoming such a devastating happening. it's very evident for who watches it that the film begins about afroreggae and winds up about anderson. it's very unique in this sense (the shift of the story line). maybe their only sin is not making it evident upfront, which may initially rise expectations that will go unfulfilled.<br /><br />as for the importance or ordinariness of anderson, i'd say not everybody wants to change the whole world, end all violence, feed all the hungry, be like mahatma ghandi, be as known as mother teresa or whoever other known personalities there are. it's much easier to relate to and draw inspiration from someone who is, such as everybody else in fact, trying to transform his or her own harsh life, raising problematic kids, coping with permanent injuries or diseases and even managing to pay the bills by the end of the month. to understand the movie you have to see that's about leaving behind a past of involvement with drugs and crime, making up for it, and trying to persuade others not to go down the same troublesome path. though you can criticize if the way they chose to do it is effective and doubt the ideology of the method, you cannot deny their intentions.<br /><br />also, the perception that anderson is special or a chosen one may have partially something to do with the fact that the filmmakers became very involved in the lives of the characters they were depicting. as much as becoming friends with them. there's no way it wouldn't tint the whole movie with a more favorable light over anderson. if a dear friend becomes paralyzed in an accident, it's not just a fact, you make a big deal out of it. and this is not necessarily bad. it's not much that they treat him like "a chosen one" as much as they go to great lengths trying to show him as a seed for transformation and source of inspiration.<br /><br />in conclusion, don't watch this documentary for the scenes of the reality of poverty and crime it contains, watch it for what it is much more, an inspirational story.<br /><br />nike-ad-like? seems just damn good and professionally made to me and doesn't affect or detract from the intentions of the film. romanticized? speculate on its credential as a documentary if you will, but why not when it's supposed to cause reaction and inspire? isn't trying to better people's lives through music and dance -- the essence of what the subjects are trying to do -- romanticizing the very own reality? pardon me, but showing just the plain facts is what reporters do and you can watch it on tv every night.<br /><br />if i wanted to become a filmmaker, i wish my first film would also be this great.favela rising is a documentary about the slums of rio, the favelas, specifically the most violent one, vigã¡rio geral. according to this film, a lot more kids have died violently in rio's favelas over the last decade or so than in israel/palestine during the same period -- a fact astonishing if true, which shows how under-recognized this social problem is in the rest of the world. this is an important topic, especially for those who see hope in grassroots efforts to marshal the neediest and most at risk through a vibrant cultural program. this is a compelling documentary, if occasionally marred by a somewhat too personality-based version of events and by grainy digital video and film that sometimes may make you think you need to have your eyes examined.<br /><br />drug lords rule in the favelas and gun-toting teenage boys are the main drug dealers, like in parts of colombia. fernando meirelles' movie city of god/cidade de deus has been accused of celebrating violence (cidade de deus is another of rio's many favelas). but the early section of favela rising shows that in fact favela boys do celebrate violence and want to deal drugs where the money and the action are. it's cool to carry a gun there, cool to work as a drug trafficker: it's fifty times more profitable than the earnings available by other means.<br /><br />mochary first discovered the afroreggae movement and its leaders anderson sã¡ and josã© junior while visiting rio for a conference and quickly persuaded his friend and mentor zimbalist to quit his job and come down to help make a film with his own promise to fund it. sã¡'s eloquence and charisma and a startling twist in his life make him the center of the film and its chief narrator, but like the favelas themselves the film teems with other people. no doubt about the fact that sã¡ is a remarkable leader, organizer, and artist.<br /><br />vigã¡rio geral is compared to bosnia: shooting there was very dangerous. anderson sã¡'s friendship and protection and caution and diplomacy in the shooting enabled the filmmakers to gain access and shoot detailed footage of their subject matters while (mostly: there were close calls) avoiding any serious confrontations with drug lords or drug-dealing cops. they also trained boys to use cameras and left them there on trips home. that resulted in 10% of the footage, including rare shots of violent incidents including police beatings. it's hard for an outsider to keep track of police massacres in rio. there was one in the early 1990's that looms over the story and inspired sã¡, who ended his own early involvement in drug trafficking to lead his cultural movement. the cops are all over the drug trade and if anybody doesn't like that the ill trained police paramilitaries come in (often wearing black ski masks) and shoot up a neighborhood, killing a lot of innocents.<br /><br />this is pretty much the picture we get in meirelles' city of god, except that this time sã¡, junior, and the other guys come in, starting in vigã¡rio geral but spreading out eventually to a number of other favelas to give percussion classes that attract dozens of youth -- girls as well as boys. their afroreggae (grupo cultural afroreggae or gcar) program, formed in 1993, is a new alternative way of life for young black men in the rio ghettos. it leads them to leave behind smoking, alcohol, and drugs (that's the rule) to explode into rap, song, percussion, and gymnastics in expressive, galvanic performances. eventually the best of the performers led by sã¡ wind up appearing before big local audiences with local producers, and their banda afroreggae has an international recording contract.<br /><br />other centers and groups have been created by or through the gcar over the years in vigã¡rio geral and other favelas to seek the betterment of youth by providing training and staging performances of music, capoeira, theater, hiphop and dance at gcar centers.<br /><br />the performance arts aren't everything, just the focal point. gcar is also a movement for broader social change gathering public awareness through such performances, the centers also provide training in information (newspaper, radio, internet, e-mail links), hygiene and sex education, to seek to bridge gaps between rich and poor, black and white, and to offer workshops in audio-visual work, including production of documentaries. the program is currently active in four other favelas.<br /><br />there are many scenes of favela street and home life in favela rising and they look very much like the images in city of god with the important difference that the focus and outcome are very, very much more positive. not that it isn't an uphill battle. and the corruption of the police, the inequities of the social system, and the indifference of the general population of brazil are not directly addressed by any of this. but there's a scene where sã¡ talks to some young kids in another favela, cynical boys not enthusiastic about afroreggae and determined to work in the drug trade as sã¡ himself did as a boy. sã¡ doesn't seem to be convincing any of them despite pointing out that traffickers don't make it to the age of fifty. but we learn that the most negative boy in this group, richard morales, joined the movement five months later. there's also the account of a freak accident that disabled sã¡, but with a positive outcome.<br /><br />it would be great if the images were sharper and clearer and if the story were edited down a little, but this is vibrant, inspiring material and represents committed, risk-taking documentary film-making and it's nice that favela rising has been included in seven film festivals and won a number of awards, including best new documentary filmmaker at the tribeca film festival. it's currently being shown at the institute of contemporary arts (ica) in london. however, a wide art house audience in the us seems somewhat unlikely.<br /><br />included in the sfiff 2006.this christmas gift arrived courtesy of tcm. we had never seen the film, even though we have seen most of the films of barbara stanwyck. this comedy made us laugh so much, that at times, we had to restrain ourselves, in order to hear the dialog.<br /><br />this is a movie that should be seen by people suffering from stressful situations, especially around christmas. it would certainly lift one's spirits by just letting go. the movie would make a perfect gift in the form of a dvd, or a vhs tape. <br /><br />"christmas in connecticut" was directed with great panache by peter godfrey, based on a story by aileen hamilton. <br /><br />the best thing in the movie is the felicitous pairing of two of the most popular stars of that era: barbara stanwyck and dennis morgan. barbara stanwyck always played strong willed women, obviously, this was a change of pace for her. in this film, as well as "lady eve", ms. stanwyck displays a knack for comedy. she and mr. morgan, who played in a lot of musical comedies, make a winning combination.<br /><br />there are no weak performances in the film. sydney greenstreet, an actor notorious for playing 'heavies', is a delight to watch as the rich, and fat, alexander yardley, the man who owned a media empire and who knew a good thing when he saw it. reginald gardiner, an accomplished english actor, adds luster to the stellar cast behind the two principals.<br /><br />s. z. sakall, is another source of continuous mirth; he plays the hungarian chef felix,who has a hard time with his own version of the english language. also, una o'connor makes a perfect norah, the housekeeper in the sloan perfect connecticut farm.<br /><br />in reading other comments in this forum, it's sad to learn that the glorious black and white cinematography is not appreciated by some people. after all, color was not widely used in the 40s, and most of the classic movies have to be seen in its original format because, what would be accomplished in 'coloring' them?<br /><br />this film should be a requirement for anyone looking to spend almost two hours of uninterrupted fun at christmas time because total merriment is assured. watch it with an open mind and heart an maybe you'd like to see "christmas in connecticut" every year.i actually found out about favela rising via the imdb website. i have a particular interest in afro-brazilian culture and films. favela rising is one of those gems that gives a new meaning to human transformation. beautifully documented and filmed by jeff zimbalist and matt mochary its the story anderson sa, a former rio de janeiro drug trafficker who after the deaths of family members and friends becomes a christ-like, malcolm x, and ghandi all rolled into one. sa formed afroreggae, a grassroots cultural movement that uses afro-brazilian hiphop, capoeira(afro-brazilian martial arts)drumming, and other artforms to transform the hopeless and most times angry youth into vibrant, viable, caring community loving individuals.<br /><br />a few years ago i remember going to a screening of city of god (cidade de deus) and walked out of the theatre completely numb. the images were grim yet stunning and you couldn't take your eyes off the screen. i remember how hopeless some situations were in the favelas and how decadent the society was due to the governments neglect. how drug trafficking was a way of life, how indifferent the citizens of the slums were because death was an every day occurrence. like city of god anderson sa talks about how the people of the favelas were also desensitized. he talks about the police corruption, and how the communities were so immobilized by drugs and gangs that you couldn't visit family members in other favelas you had to meet in a neutral location. unlike city of god anderson sa's grassroots movement afroreggae provides solutions to the anger, the hopelessness.<br /><br />there was one part in the documentary where anderson, in the spirit of a preacher approached some youth and asked them to join afroreggae. these jaded youth were so scarred by everyday survival and violence. their role models were drug dealers and this is what they aspired to be. anderson told then that drug dealers don't live very long. there was reluctance of course but five months later he was able to get some of the youth to join afroreggae.<br /><br />the visuals in favela rising are beyond amazing. its clear to me that jeff zimbalist and matt mochary are not only great story tellers but visual artist as well. this is a must see documentary! there are some really magical and transforming moments in this documentary. i don't want to spoil them for you. i want you see it for yourself. please tell your friends, academics, youth counselors, family members about this wonderful film. it will make you care about the world and our children.<br /><br />i would give it eleven stars!i just love this movie and i have my tv programed to record it when it comes on again on nov. 2nd. it is a really nice love story with a twist. the song that is played at the end of the movie is one you would not think would be a big hit but it is a song that stays in your head and i am now trying to find that song so i can hear it and play it. i really have no style of the shows i see or the songs i like to hear and there for makes me pretty open to seeing things new with an open mind. i would like to say there is some parts in this movie that is not meant for the whole family to watch. this movie does show skin. it is kinda like a lifetime movie for women, about women. i say watch the movie and you may just like it as much as i did.although this was a low budget film and clearly last minute, it holds a certain charm that is difficult to pinpoint. i tend to believe it is the scriptwriter- grant morris (see dead dog), who, despite the warped plot line injected a fantastic slice of humour, sorely missing in many of today's box office hits. definitely a must see for a sunday afternoon laughfest. speaking as a true single girl, and very sceptical this film did not inspire me particularly, but did ignite a small flame of hope for a lovelife. not my lovelife, so much as my slightly crazy neighbour's lovelife who lets her hamster sleep in her bed with her. she may find someone.just as ted kramer (dustin hoffman) is about to get a break in his professional life his frustrated wife joanna (meryl streep) finally gets up the courage to leave him, leaving ted to care for their five year old son (justin henry). being a single parent proves to be quite the chore for ted, and he suffers professionally but also learns there's much more to life than a career as he continues to bond with, and really get to know, his own son. but then joanna returns and intends to get her son back, which leads to a cruel custody trial.<br /><br />kramer vs. kramer is a superbly well written and magnificently acted human drama that will only leave the most cold-hearted a viewer untouched. hoffman's growing relationship with his son is so well portrayed and the film never takes an easy way out. it always feels very real and thanks to the film's low-key approach it makes even more of an impact and can easily work upon multiple viewings, the film's dramatic impact does not lessen.<br /><br />easily recommended; 10 out of 10.what can i say about kramer vs. kramer? on the surface it's rather simple but underneath it deals with emotions greater than life itself. it delivers many fantastic moments, it makes you laugh, it makes you cry. you sympathize with the characters and you care about them. many films fail at this, kramer vs. kramer is a success.<br /><br />i think everyone would agree the acting is superb. once you watch kramer vs. kramer, for some time the acting in most other films starts to feel plastic and unemotional. the actors seem to get along well with their roles and the characters really live on the screen. there's some beautiful chemistry between them. i think the best performance in the film comes from the young justin henry. he's different from any other child actor i've ever seen. he's amazingly natural.<br /><br />also, there's some kind of neurotic beauty in meryl streep. and dustin hoffman delivers one of the best performances of his career! the story is very well written. it's simple but complicated at the same time. the concept is the simple part, the feelings associated is the complicated part of it.<br /><br />if you haven't seen this film yet, you're definitely missing out! see it now!inexplicably, i watched this movie for the very first time just a couple of days ago, and understood from the very beginning what all the fuss is about. this movie held my attention from beginning to end, and ran me through the whole range of emotions (and might have helped me discover a few i never knew about.)<br /><br />dustin hoffman absolutely shines as ted kramer. he is absolutely convincing as a man having to juggle at least three different challenges in life: jilted husband, workaholic ad executive and loving father. meryl streep as joanna kramer was less central to the movie simply because joanna was absent for a good part of it, but when she was on screen she gave hoffman a run for his money. the true standout, though, (in my opinion) had to be young justin henry as billy kramer. children are always the innocent victim in a marital breakdown, and justin seemed absolutely natural and completely believable in this role as he deals with the conflicting emotions around his mother and his adjustment to life with dad, only then to have the confusion around why he should have to leave his dad when it was his mom who walked out on him. young justin didn't seem to miss a beat in this very difficult role.<br /><br />all in all, this is an excellent, oscar-worthy movie whose only weak point was what i thought to be a truly disappointing decision to go for the sappy and happy ending, which was totally unrealistic considering the destructive custody battle ted and joanna had gone through. but there's not much else to complain about here.<br /><br />9/10the academy award winning 'kramer vs. kramer' follows a snazzy businessman ted kramer (dustin hoffman) and his divorce with his bored wife (meryl streep). one day ted's wife leaves him and their child in search for a better life, forcing ted to become closer to his son (justin henry). the two bond and become very close (but only after some friction), and just as everything is going perfect ted's wife comes back to town and wants sole custody of their son. ted then goes on a mission not to let his son get taken away from him, and fights his wife in court. dustin hoffman gives a tremendous performance along with meryl streep, and young justin henry is impressive. it's a sad emotional roller-coaster of a movie, but it's a very well-made and inspiring film. the film took the oscar for best picture at the 1979 academy awards, along with best actor for hoffman and best supporting actress for streep. if you don't mind a tearjerker, 'kramer vs. kramer' is a great film to watch. grade: b+kramer vs kramer won five oscars, including best picture of 1979. this intense and deeply moving family drama follows an advertising executive whose life is turned upside down when his wife of eight years, walks out on him, leaving him to care for his son and build a relationship with him he never had. robert benton's incisive screenplay presents us flawed, but real human beings with hearts, souls, and brains. for instance, in the scene where joanna announces to ted she's leaving him, she doesn't just storm out the door...she gives him the keys, her credit cards, the dry cleaning ticket, tells him which bills have been paid, and informs him she has withdrawn from their bank account the same amount of money she had when they were married, no more. this decision to leave was not a whim...it was thought about and joanna felt, with no other option than to leave, if she was leaving she was going to do it properly...and with no specific plan in mind, she did not think it right to take billy. dustin hoffman won an oscar for his ted kramer, a man so obsessed with bringing home the bacon, he had no clue that his life at home was crumbling into pieces. meryl streep also won an oscar playing joanna, the unhappy wife who we feel sympathy for in the beginning of the film but that all changes when she returns for her son. hoffman is at the top of his form here. i always tear up during the scene where he tries to explain to billy (justin henry, oscar nominee) why his mom left and he does it all in a stage whisper or when he meets joanna upon her return and slams her drink into a wall (a hoffman moment not in the script that streep was not told about in order to get a natural reaction). justin henry hits all the right notes as billy, the confused little boy who doesn't know why his mom is gone and doesn't know how to communicate with his father. jane alexander also got an oscar nod as ted and joanna's neighbor, margaret, who has switched allegiances by the film's conclusion. this is an intense family drama but there are laughs to be had here too...billy and the chocolate chip ice cream...billy pouting because ted is late picking him for a party...billy catching his dad's one night stand (jobeth williams) on her way to the bathroom stark naked, but it's the moments of human drama you remember...ted running through manhattan with billy in his arms to get to the emergency room after billy falls off the jungle gym...ted getting fired right before beginning his custody battle and instead of making a scene, he tells the guy in a whisper..."shame on you." and of course, the finale where joanna tells ted she's not taking billy, which i found a little hard to swallow. why would she go to all that trouble of suing for custody and then just change her mind? but this is a small quibble regarding a wonderful movie, masterfully directed by robert benton and flawlessly performed by a top-notch cast. a must-see.this is a phenomenal movie. truly one of the best movies i have ever watched. i am a serious critic and it takes much to stir me, but this movie had all the right combinations for "stirring". the passion of the actors,without the overacting, the aching for all the characters involved, the serious and subtle truths about marriage and divorce, all make this a must see movie, despite the fact that it is 1970s. this is definitely not an "old movie", but a classic/vintage movie. i hope you engage with it as i did when you consider how volatile relationships of all kinds can be, when you also consider how deep pain associated with love can be and how the hardest decisions to make will always be the most painful, but once they are made the pain will subside, but only gradually. this movie certainly demonstrates that the most volatile relationships are not necessarily weak relationships and that leaving certainly is not synonymous with lost/lack of love. the 'crafting' of this movie certainly emanates from a place deep within someone's heart and mind.i have seen this film on 3 different occasions.on the first occasion,i was bowled over by this film.it appeared as a very kind film to me.i hated this film as a sentimental garbage on my second viewing.however my third viewing reasserted my belief that it is a good film.there is a lot of emotional power in this film especially scenes of emotional confrontation between mr kramer and madam kramer.there are some scenes in which meryl streep appears a cruel person despite the fact that she is a beauty in real life.dustin hoffman appears as a lost hero unable to grapple with the recent task of his child's custody.there was even a controversy on the sets of this film.according to the master cameraman nestor almendros there was a shot in which he just escaped getting hurt as the character of mr.kramer,in order to show the intensity of his anger,decides to break a glass hard.luckily nothing happened to nestor.kramer versus kramer shows the destruction of a family structure.it also tells how family must be maintained if there are kids involved.first, i loved the documentary. it represents a new school history/theory where a subject can reflect a wide range of social and historical issues.<br /><br />i'll get the camera and dogs out of the way first. i hate the blair witch quality of the camera, but also understand the advantage of such a casual approach. in fact, i agree with the other reviewer that it gives us unprecedented access.<br /><br />dogs: warning, i have a doctoral degree in literature which i do not use as a profession, so some of my training may seep in: the dogs are a beautiful metaphor for the complex relationship of human's great endeavors and our need to find the labor to achieve them. the dogs might reflect their owners, as one reviewer suggested. but they also serve as a stand-in for the workers we see in the film. while this might hint at the marxist problem raised by one reviewer, i think it also shows how difficult it is to globalize labor issues. no mondovi's in italy may not translate as well elsewhere. (yikes! i am a marxist at heart and hate to hear my cynical resignation hold sway!) it is a remarkable bait and switch. the dogs are family, the workers are family. but, in the end, the dogs are the workers (the last scene with the poor farmer). while you may disagree with the politics, the artistry of the analogy, coupled with the more overt politics of the film, are wonderful.<br /><br />had only faulkner (i am from alabama) had the power of film beyond the hollywood market, what interesting tales would have been told.this is probably the best cinematic depiction of life in a manhattan ad agency: the pressure to perform; client and agency demands; the parties; the creativity; the money; the cool surface with powerful corporate undercurrents. <br /><br />toss in parenthood for dustin hoffman. <br /><br />the movie is textured and deep. it follows his internal relationship as he tries to understand and live with what's going on; his relationship with meryl streep (and her friend, who becomes his friend), and his the relationship with his son. <br /><br />while meryl streep was great, did she set the record for least screen time to win an oscar? she sure can deliver when she is on, though.moving beyond words is this heart breaking story of a divorce which results in a tragic custody battle over a seven year old boy.<br /><br />one of "kramer v. kramer's" great strengths is its screenwriter director robert benton, who has marvellously adapted avery corman's novel to the big screen. he keeps things beautifully simple and most realistic, while delivering all the drama straight from the heart. his talent for telling emotional tales like this was to prove itself again with "places in the heart", where he showed, as in "kramer v. kramer", that he has a natural ability for working with children.<br /><br />the picture's other strong point is the splendid acting which deservedly received four of the film's nine academy award nominations, two of them walking away winners. one of those was dustin hoffman (best actor), who is superb as frustrated business man ted kramer, a man who has forgotten that his wife is a person. as said wife joanne, meryl streep claimed the supporting actress oscar for a strong, sensitive portrayal of a woman who had lost herself in eight years of marriage. also nominated was jane alexander for her fantastic turn as the kramer's good friend margaret. final word in the acting stakes must go to young justin henry, whose incredibly moving performance will find you choking back tears again and again, and a thoroughly deserved oscar nomination came his way.<br /><br />brilliant also is nestor almendros' cinematography and jerry greenberg's timely editing, while musically henry purcell's classical piece is used to effect.<br /><br />truly this is a touching story of how a father and son come to depend on each other when their wife and mother leaves. they grow together, come to know each other and form an entirely new and wonderful relationship. ted finds himself with new responsibilities and a new outlook on life, and slowly comes to realise why joanne had to go.<br /><br />certainly if nothing else, "kramer v. kramer" demonstrates that nobody wins when it comes to a custody battle over a young child, especially not the child himself.<br /><br />saturday, june 10, 1995 - t.v.<br /><br />strong drama from avery corman's novel about the heartache of a custody battle between estranged parents who both feel they have the child's best interests at heart. aside from a superb screenplay and amazingly controlled direction, both from robert benton, it's the superlative cast that make this picture such a winner.<br /><br />hoffman is brilliant as ted kramer, the man torn between his toppling career and the son whom he desperately wants to keep. excellent too is streep as the woman lost in eight years of marriage who had to get out before she faded to nothing as a person. in support of these two is a very strong jane alexander as mutual friend margaret, an outstanding justin henry as the boy caught in the middle, and a top cast of extras.<br /><br />this highly emotional, heart rending drama more than deserved it's 1979 academy awards for best film, best actor (hoffman) and best supporting actress (streep).<br /><br />wednesday, february 28, 1996 - t.v.ever since `midnight cowboy' i have been on the lookout for films with dustin hoffman and have mostly not been disappointed. ever since `kramer vs kramer' i have been on the lookout for films with meryl streep and have mostly not been disappointed. she gave a superb performance, really one of her best, in `sophie's decision' and i lapped her up in `out of africa'. that these two actors came together over 20 years ago for `kramer vs kramer' was definitely a very good idea: the result is an excellent character drama with a theme which is still very relevant in today's society.<br /><br />on divorcing everyone has a pretty bad time, though the kids seem to suffer mostâ?â?â?..beautifully handled by robert benton in some original directing presenting some memorable scenes: even the passageway takes on character and should be included in the cast! and as for the breakfast scene with billy (justin henry), just simply magnificent. just how do you get an eight-year-old to act? benton managed it, and of course with hoffman there seemed to be good electricity: the result is certainly engaging, endearing, and convincing. justin henry's performance must rank among the best 5 or 6 kids' performances of all time. the best thing, once again, was the naturalness, there was no going over the top, so frequent these days.<br /><br />this film came up again on the small screen the other night, though i have had it in my video collection for years: it is still worth watching and paying attention to everything. around 7â½ out of 10.life was going great for new york city advertising artist ted kramer. he had a great job and a loving wife. no, actually, his wife wasn't so loving, for when ted returned home late from work that night his wife, joanna, had a suit case packed and was heading out the door. he tried to stop her, but she just got into the elevator and out of ted's life. well, now in addition to his job he's now got to mind the house as well as their 6-year-old son, billy; ted assured his boss that his wife's leaving would not affect his job performance in any way. it did however affect his performance as a father. he blew up when billy spilled punch on his client artwork! well, some time later ted and billy receive a letter from joanna, and it was obvious from her letter that she wasn't coming back. ted was distraught. well, he was late coming home from work on billy's birthday, which made billy sore at him. <br /><br />ted was late to work one day and his boss yelled at him because he had missed a very important client meeting. when he got home, he yelled at billy for sneaking ice cream during dinner. then later he truthfully told billy that the break-up between he and joanna may have been his fault, not billy's; ted invited a good friend, phyllis bernard over that night, and well, billy got his first look at a naked woman. when ted took billy to the park the following day, he fell off the jungle gym and landed face-first onto his toy plane. ted literally ran him to the hospital where they had to administer stitches. after that, life began taking a downward spiral for ted. then one day out of the blue he received a phone call from none other than joanna! they met in a corner cafã©. at first they have a pleasant conversation but then joanna informs him that she has returned to collect her son and take him with her. ted would have none of it and stormed out. well life got even worse for ted when his boss, jim o'connor, took him out to lunch and abruptly fired him. not only that but joanna was choosing to sue for custody of billy, and without a job, ted didn't stand a chance in hell for winning. he hired himself a lawyer, john shaunessy, who charged a pretty penny: $15,000 exact change. and that's if they win. <br /><br />ted was also able to find a new job. it was actually a step down from what he used to do with a considerable cut in salary but he accepted with great determination. finally the court date, january 9, 1980, arrived. judge atkins presiding. joanna took the stand and shaunessy proceeded to question her about why she left ted and about her other relationships and how they were failures. the next day, ted took the stand and joanna's lawyer really grilled him like a cheeseburger. ted's good friend margaret took the stand as well and she really didn't help matters. well, the judge took some time to think it over and sure enough, one day shaunessy informs ted that he lost. joanna got sole custody of billy. how typical! always ruling in favor of the mother. well, ted and billy were just devastated about parting ways. they had a tearful goodbye when suddenly joanna stopped by. she and ted have a little talk and well, rather than just give away the ending, let me assure everybody that everything turns out alright for everybody!<br /><br />this was a very good movie. dustin hoffman was very good. he earned that academy award. i've also seen him in hook, meet the fockers and rain man, which he also won an oscar for. meryl streep was good. she also got an oscar. justin henry was good too, so where was his nomination? i guess the academy had a rule against giving oscars to children, but the rule was lifted when haley joel osment came along. this movie has great drama, light comedy, and is very subtle. it does a good job of holding your attention. i was watching rain man on tcm the other night then this came on after and i just couldn't help but watch. and that's what you should do. if you like dustin hoffman or meryl streep or movies of this genre, then i recommend kramer vs. kramer! a gripping film about the pangs of two divorced parents fighting over their child. i liked ted's little speech about ruling in favor of mothers all the time. what was it about sex that makes a good parents? actually, that's how they have the child. but seriously, he's right. why always rule in favor of the mother because she's a woman? also in the cast, george coe, howard duff, who passed away in 1990, and howland chamberlain who passed away in 1984. watch for an up-and-coming jobeth williams in the nudity in the hallway scene. anyway, see kramer vs. kramer today!!! good movie!!<br /><br />-good drama movie about a child custody case with great performances by all the actors.a good example of what an excellent script can do to propel a simple story to a much higher quality.the screenplay was just average though and this is what kept the movie from the list of the all time best dramas.still,the great acting makes this movie a good one to see if you are a fan of court dramas or a big fan of the lead actors.the movie really should have been a tad longer though for more excellence but that would really be nitpicking......the child actor certainly deserves a lot of credit. it was a pretty weak field for best picture that year. i think "apocalypse now" should have taken it, but the academy probably felt it was too violent and strange, plus vietnam was still too recent. meryl streep was tremendous, as always, playing a very unlikeable character. i don't usually compliment directors, but i really liked that bit with the elevator doors. grade: bi remember going to drive inn with my parent and sister. i was in grade 5, and still a kid, and the drive closed down 4 years later, but the film still lingers in my memory. an adult movie, which a kid finds entertaining. that is a mark of excellence. hoffman is one of hollywoods better actors, and this film proves it. i like the billy put down the ice cream scene, and i remember the sctv version in there film i factory myself. remember joe flairty crying. please email me if you like the sctv skit. not a bad film at all, it is a story about a father, and his son. touching and intertaining, i love the part where hoffman talks about killroy, and how the streets change. worth a second watch. 7/10if you asked me to pick the best acted movies ever made, this movie would be on a short list along with 1951's streetcar named desire. i imagine i'll discover some others that qualify, but kramer vs kramer is an outstanding exercise in naturalism. so its a very satisfying experience on that level: just watching the marvelous, probing performances of dustin hoffman, meryl streep and the child justin henry in particular. one of the best child performances ever.<br /><br />but i also find it very satisfying to watch, because its such a thoroughly involving story - it always makes me forget my own problems. it has such excellent narrative drive. once you stick kramer vs kramer on, and alice kramer leaves ted to juggle work and their young son, telling him nothing more than she has to discover herself - you keep watching to know that everything turns out okay for them. and even once you know how things do turn out, each moment of the ride just rings so brilliantly true that its a joy to watch it happen again and again.<br /><br />make no mistake - kramer vs kramer is not light entertainment: its a very realistic portrayal of the effects of divorce on everyone involved.<br /><br />10/10.<br /><br />for one of the best scripts (born out of conversations between benton and hoffman, who was going through a divorce at the time) ever written, executed and performed beautifully and faultlessly. not to mention what a great, involving story it is. put simply, a perfect film.i thought this film was quite good and quite entertaining for a film heavy on emotion. i agree with what another user wrote about the script being sympathetic to the three main characters. i think that this is what what made the film good. it didn't villainies either mr. or mrs. kramer and it was refreshing, i think, to see two people essentially work the issue out on their own and eventually do the best thing for billy. and, although it was a little strange, i actually liked the music in this film as well. for some reason the music seemed appropriate for the journey that the three main characters embarked upon. this movie flowed quite well and didn't doodle, like some emotionally heavy films tend to do. it dealt with a serious situation but didn't take itself too seriously. it simply told the story in a straight forward way and it worked quite well.normally, movies stay out of the realm of "domestic drama," and for good reason: who wants to intentionally seek entertainment from a story about what they or those close to them have to deal with in real life? divorce hurts an incredible percentage of american families of all classes and custody battles are ugly and necessary parts of it. that's not escapism -- the number one reason the average person turns to movies -- that's sad reality. <br /><br />normally, divorce or custody is simply part of a greater story and affects the way we understand it or relate to its characters. "kramer vs. kramer" focuses on it and asks us to understand why we do it and why that makes it so troubling. that's a challenge for both this film and its audience: turn something so real into something that can capture our attention and then make us not feel spiteful as the mirror is held up to our face. writer/director robert benton definitely achieves both and in impressive fashion in adapting this novel by avery corman.<br /><br />the story, as one would expect, is quite simple: big business advertising man ted kramer (dustin hoffman) comes home to find his wife joanna (meryl streep) is leaving him and their 7-year-old son billy (justin henry). ted then must quickly learn to be an active father in the boys' life and as soon as he does, joanna brings a custody suit upon him.<br /><br />to make an oscar-winning drama about something so generic and particularly dialogue- heavy first takes tremendous acting talent. you don't get much better than hoffman and streep. hoffman is in his prime in this role: his first oscar win after three other notable nominations. he creates a thorough character, one whose self-centered and quick-tempered ways clearly change as he learns to be a better father and the sole care-giver. streep wins her first oscar in only the second major role of her career as a woman who doesn't get much screen time but must communicate both inner torment at her decision to leave as well as renewed sense of identity when she returns to take custody. streep does so effortlessly. the young boy, justin henry, who at his age was the youngest competitive category nominee in academy awards history, plays the embodiment of all 7-year-old children exceptionally well.<br /><br />benton's writing and direction takes these performances to the level where we see deeper into this family's troubles than we do our own and thus reconsider our thoughts about love and raising a family. benton's previous notable credits ("bonnie & clyde" and "superman") wouldn't indicate a strong command of family drama, but the man can flat out write. numerous scenes give us strong visuals that show us much more than the typical family scenarios they depict. the first morning that joanna is gone and ted make's billy french toast is a classic that perfectly demonstrates all the talent going into this movie in a scene that happens in americans' kitchens every morning.<br /><br />you'll rarely see a story as straightforward as "kramer vs. kramer" done better. there aren't any surprises at the end or twists and turns that will keep us desperately glued to the screen. the film then has to rely on its talents and they are all sure-fire, delivering a new understanding of a subject that's so familiar.our reviewer from toronto told you what you need to know about this film (except note that it needs editing-the hand held technique gets really old, really fast). i saw this film last night in menerbes, france-we are in the luberon valley, which is covered with vineyards and of course wine makers. they were all there in the salle de polyvalente for the showing-crammed in. polite, patient, genial. although my french is testy, i got the gist of the film but noted that the audience loved the "old" terror growers interviewed-esp. the one from a communist village in languedoc. he got a lot of laughs. this is unusual in france-laughing aloud. there is no question which side of the terror-globalization war they are on! smcertainly when i saw this movie at hbo, i was bit erratic in following the plot, but it catches my attention when seeing dustin hoffman in it. honestly i'm not enthralled watching old movies, but then in the long run it changes my point of view. seeing this stirring film made me experience once again couching at my seat not noticing my tears suddenly roll down my cheek, and then after, let loose a heavy sigh in realizing the impact of what i've just witness. kramer vs kramer was indeed one of the best classical drama movies i've witnessed for a long time that even i, myself couldn't imagine how it touched me. the story was strongly emotional, but is not saturated with such. the characters weren't unrealistic for their roles; they possess qualities that make viewers like them whatever position they have in the film, like the role of meryl streep, she was a mother who honestly concede her mistakes at the past but then she's confident to stand up her emotional motives to get what she desires in a fair and square battle. dustin hoffman was way too outstanding, i can't even fathom how this guy could play seriously difficult roles and suddenly jump into another role which is completely different, then performed it well. even though i have already seen the movies a lot of times, when i seat back and lounge at my home scanning worth movies to peer and buy a time for it, catching a glimpse for kramer vs kramer will make my experience another worthwhile moment.kramer vs. kramer is a near-heartening drama about shocking, drastic augmentations of the two subjects of a failed married couple. meryl streep, in the throes of her trademark maternal sensitivity, plays an unhappy stay-at-home mother who feels confined to such a role and within the first five minutes of the film leaves her inattentive husband, in a fantastic performance by dustin hoffman, to find another role for herself. hoffman is dumbstruck, having absolutely no idea what to do with himself, having taken so much for granted that he doesn't know the first thing about getting his son to school in the morning.<br /><br />hoffman seamlessly characterizes this husband as such a juicy load of setbacks. he is restless, relentless and impatient, but even though the positive side to those three adjectives should include just the opposite, he is unremittingly fixated on whatever he turns his head to. he's been focused on his career in advertising, and when he is left to raise his son billy all by himself, chaos ushers in immediately. he's the one throwing temper tantrums and quitting angrily halfway through an activity. after awhile, as he befriends his neighbor and joanna's former friend, played by sexy jane alexander, hoffman cools his jets enough to understand why his wife left. in the meantime, his boundless energy redirects towards raising billy and he loses his job.<br /><br />the custody battle of the title is a brilliantly grey circumstance. even if the ending is a little unmotivated, subjectified for the audience, the last line and the last shot still have that witty screen writing touch that seemed to diminish after the magical 1970s.i've seen many dustin hoffman's movies like straw dogs or rain man and i liked them, but his characters are much to often calm or even shy persons. i expected him to be in this movie the same as he was in straw dogs, but i saw a totally different person. he was much more energetic in this film and kinda reminded me of al pacino in serpico. the movie was very interesting from beginning to the end. i liked the way dustin hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son. this movie is also revealing. personally, i think it shows that people should learn to find a compromise them self without involving other people into issue.kramer vs. kramer is the story of a marital breakup and the consequences of same. they can be devastating to the partners and even more so to a minor child which in this case is played by justin henry.<br /><br />what i really did like about kramer vs. kramer, it's greatest strength as a film is the way that parents dustin hoffman and meryl streep are presented to the audience as whole people with many sides to their nature. though the film is slanted in hoffman's direction and more about his relationship with his son, he's not presented as any kind of saint, nor is streep a completely black villain. hoffman's a career oriented man in the advertising game. he's pretty much ignored his wife's dreams and aspirations, still it's a big shock to him when streep says the love's no longer there and she wants out. she also wants out of being a mother, at least for a while.<br /><br />hoffman and henry make do the best they can. the pressure of being both parents causes hoffman to lose his job and he has to take a lower paying one in another agency. at that point after over a year, streep decides she wants custody.<br /><br />both parents make compelling witnesses and state their case beautifully, but in these situations, the tie is always broken in favor of the mother.<br /><br />dustin hoffman and meryl streep won their first of two oscars respectively for this film, her in the supporting actress category. i'm not sure how these things are decided, streep does get less screen time than hoffman if that's the determining factor. the film does focus on hoffman's relationship with his son and his evolving realization that he has his share of the blame for the marriage failure. as for meryl it's a hob's choice for her as it is for many women, to balance a career and motherhood. the conflict in her psyche registers for all to see on the screen.<br /><br />dustin hoffman may have won that oscar partly for the same reason that spencer tracy picked up his first, by performing the impossible task of not letting a scene stealing child steal the film. children with their lack of inhibitions are natural actors and henry is great because he comes over as a real kid, not a hollywood kid. i wonder if hoffman saw captains courageous and saw how spencer tracy dealt with freddie bartholomew. dustin could have done a lot worse than channel spencer tracy in his performance.<br /><br />kramer vs. kramer also won oscars for best picture, best director for robert benton and best adapted screenplay. it's an intelligent and compelling drama about adults falling out of love and trying to deal as best they can with it for themselves and their child. don't miss it if ever broadcast.the marriage of an upscale new york city couple with child falls apart when the wife wants out ("it took a lot of courage for her to walk out that door!" a neighbor tells us); the busy, distracted husband takes on the "motherly" responsibilities and grows closer to his son, but soon the wife returns. highly manipulative picture doesn't give us a very realistic familial unit (with young justin henry certainly not resembling the product of a marriage between dustin hoffman and meryl streep!), but the dynamics are intriguing and involving, and director robert benton keeps the pace popping with lots of cleverness, marvelous classical music, canny editing and surefire bits of humor. streep's character is designed to be a cold, self-centered witch, but i was ready to feel a lot more for her than benton probably wanted. it all has to be painted in terms of black and white, good and bad, with hoffman learning how hard his wife had it and getting a second chance at being a good parent. the film never falters from its preconceived path, and very fine acting nearly saves it, but i'm not sure where benton was steering the film in the final act, and the closing scene is awfully abrupt. *** from ****no, this has nothing to do with the sitcom "seinfeld" or its eccentric and hilarious character cosmo kramer. in reality, "kramer vs. kramer" is a fine drama movie, without a doubt one of the finest of its kind and one of the greatest movies ever. i'm glad that it won more oscars than "apocalypse now" because it really deserved such glory.<br /><br />"kramer vs. kramer" is an excellent film, so well made and so perfectly balanced that i wouldn't change anything about it in any way. there is nothing wrong with the film. it's film-making of the highest quality. and it stands the test of time, too. not only it doesn't look any dated, but also its cultural impact is long-lasting and its realistic story remains just as significant as it was when it came out in 1979. a timeless classic. they don't make movies like this today.<br /><br />this movie is dramatic, realistic, simple but brilliant, intense, powerful, sweet and even tragic and depressing sometimes. yet, it has fine humor as well. it has no special effects, but who cares? this is not the movie or place to discuss such thing. for a movie like this, such thing would be pointless and absolutely unnecessary.<br /><br />the story is very interesting. the actors's chemistry is just perfect. all of the actors are great, but the 3 main ones are the very best. dustin hoffman, a brilliant actor, has his greatest performance ever here as the lovable but distant workaholic ted kramer. meryl streep is great as ted's wife, joanna. and cute little justin henry is terrific as the loving but sometimes stubborn billy, son of ted and joanna.<br /><br />the soundtrack is all instrumental and wonderful. the opening song (by the guitarist frederic hand) is brilliant. the rest of the soundtrack is mostly antonio vivaldi's classical music and is simply dazzling.<br /><br />this motion picture has also an incredible development of the characters. see the character ted kramer: a workaholic who becomes an amazing father after being left with no choice but to take care of his son, trying to adjust these new responsibilities with his job after being left by his wife joanna. with this, ted learns about the most beautiful things in life, but also realizes how though life is, with the problems in his job and the return of joanna, who wants the custody of their son. but even joanna changes for better and the ending is an unexpected surprise when one sees this for the first time.<br /><br />this movie has also some though things, such as courtroom scenes where both ted and joanna face brutal character assassinations unleashed by the lawyers. another though thing to see is when poor billy falls off a jungle gym with his toy (a plane) and gets seriously injured on his face. but then again, the scene is very well made and what comes next is very intense: his father runs quickly and crosses numerous blocks, ignoring the traffic to take his son to the hospital.<br /><br />overall, this is a movie which is a good lesson of life.<br /><br />this should definitely be on top 250.i think not! i mean yeah if you compare this film to the godfather, or maybe a little older film like casablanca, or maybe even a little newer film like the english patient. it doesn't have the camera work or the cinematography like these other films, but that doesn't mean that this is a bad movie, or does it? i think the reason why this film is underrated is because a lot of people always compare it to other great oscar winning films (you should never do that) which makes it hard to understand the beauty and the realism in this movie. in the categories best picture, best actor in a leading role and best actress in a supporting role, this film really deserved all of them. the magnificent dustin hoffman gives us, once again, one of his best performances. a couple of times in this movie i forgot that it wasn't his son because it was just so real! i have never seen a film about relationships in different families where it was so easy for the actors to play that specific role but still so beautiful. so dustin hoffman passes the test with flying colors, in my opinion. there are a few actresses in the world who deserve to be called the best: katherine hepburn, meryl streep, jane fonda and ingrid bergman (i can't help it, i think she's great). meryl streep, even though she's in a supporting role, is amazing and real and you just can't help but being drawn ed to her talent and the way she makes it hers and real. wow, that's all i can say. justin henry was great considering his age, his tears and his relationship with his mom and dad was beautiful, so i say good job to cute little justin henry. <br /><br />while i was watching this film for like the third time, alone, i couldn't stop crying. i tried but i couldn't. thank god i was alone! this is probably the purest film i have ever seen. other films that were nominated for best picture was apocalypse now, norma rae, breaking away and all that jazz. i'm ashamed, cause i haven't seen any of them, but from what i've heard, apocalypse now is great but when i heard about norma rae i only thought of sally field. i think that considering the other nominees, this film deserved it's five oscars, and that it'll continue to touch and make other people cry for a long time in the future, just like it has for the past 28 years. good job all the actors and actresses in this film for giving us great performances and memories from watching this film that we won't ever forget.<br /><br />thanks for your time.i consider myself lucky that i got to view a wonderful movie with two marvelous actors. "kramer vs. kramer" was great to me because i think i could relate to it.<br /><br />unfortunately, my parents are divorced. even though i was older than billy in this movie, i felt his pain and confusion. having two parents who you thought were happy and end up hating each other is the worst. through this movie, actually, i think it made me realize that my parents are people too, and they had as just much pain as my sister and i had.<br /><br />back to the movie, this was a good one. yes, it's dated and meryl and dustin are very young. but i would recommend this for a lot of people, because i think most can relate in some way. there are funny, sad, happy, and relieving moments that are carried away terrificly by these great actors. it's a good movie and deserves more credit than a 7.5.<br /><br />9/10after a decade of turbulent unrest, american movies began to switch gears and turn their cameras away from war-torn battlefields, political corruption, and general social unease to the more intimate world of family dysfunction. the toll the selfish baby boomers began to take on the american family as they grew up and had kids of their own was making itself felt.<br /><br />"kramer vs. kramer" is one of the first of these dysfunctional family dramas that would continue to be so popular throughout the 1980s, and it's one of the best. it gets a rather bum rap now, because it's known as the film that beat "apocalypse now" for the 1979 best picture academy award, but comparing these two films is like comparing a banana to a marinated chicken breast: they're not remotely the same, but can't we enjoy them both? director/writer robert benton doesn't try to do anything fancy with his movie; its strength lies in its performances, those of dustin hoffman and meryl streep particularly, playing a divorced couple fighting childishly and selfishly over their son. the courtroom scene in which they duke it out for custody, and in which each is forced to hurt the other in terrible ways, is devastating, and feels authentic. the movie doesn't present hoffman's solid dad as a hero, or streep's straying mom as a villain. they're neither good or bad as people -- they're simply bad at being married.<br /><br />the film is tear-jerky at the finale, but not in a manipulative way. it earns its right to elicit sobs.<br /><br />grade: akramer vs. kramer is one film to hold on too and not forget. it isn't one of the most popular films ever made and is certainly one of the weakest best picture films, but it does not mean it still isn't important. i thought the movie was well done and made you just want to watch more and more of it. the performances were the best positive for the film and dustin hoffman played one of his best roles he's ever done as the lonely workaholic who has to take care of his son, as his wife separates from him. billy, who is hoffman's son, played another great performance along with meryl streep, playing the depressed mother of billy. kramer vs. kramer is not one of the greatest films and is not a perfect 10, but it succeeds in making the film worth watching and worth caring about it. certainly, one of hoffman's best films he's ever done. i highly recommend it.<br /><br />hedeen's outlook: 9/10 ***+ a-mondovino is a moving and rewarding documentary. in the world of wine there is a huge different between the big winery and the small one. it's not just about size of of your vineyard but also the amount of money and power you have. if you have enough money to place ads in the wine spectator and hire a so called "wine except" then it doesn't matter the size of your estate. also in business world of today wine often has to mass marketed and suited to people's taste. what is means many times wine filtered of it's origin. mondovino shows the commercial side of wine in that of mega producer robert mondavi, and michael rolland the wine expert who shapes wine to the taste of today's critics like robert parker who is also in the film. now these men are not evil or wrong for they have done a great deal of good for wine. but they have power on a grand scale. as we all know power corrupts. mondovino also shows small wine makers such as aime guilbert of the languedoc and hubert de montille of volnay in burgundy. these wine makers are not starving wine makers but they know like all great wine makers that it's about where the grapes are from. the best example of this is explained not by a wine maker but by a haitian man working for neal rosenthal the wine importer. the area the grapes are grown the terroir that matters, that a guiding hand that knows this makes important real wine.although credit should have been given to dr. seuess for stealing the story-line of "horton hatches the egg", this was a fine film. it touched both the emotions and the intellect. due especially to the incredible performance of seven year old justin henry and a script that was sympathetic to each character (and each one's predicament), the thought provoking elements linger long after the tear jerking ones are over. overall, superior acting from a solid cast, excellent directing, and a very powerful script. the right touches of humor throughout help keep a "heavy" subject from becoming tedious or difficult to sit through. lastly, this film stands the test of time and seems in no way dated, decades after it was released.this outstanding film has about the best acting that you'll ever see, and that alone makes this a must-see. the entire cast is excellent, but then again, it had to be in order to keep up with dustin hoffman and meryl streep. it didn't take me long to get hooked on this film, and aside from a courtroom scene that is merely good, this is top-notch entertainment. this is a rare film that actually deserved all the oscar recognition that it received. see it for yourself and you will definitely not be disappointed."kramer vs. kramer" is a terrific drama about an unhappy woman who walks out on her husband and young son. the husband now has to take up the responsibilities of taking care of the boy. as he does, they get to know each other better. but then, the mother and wife returns, and she wants custody of the boy. "kramer vs. kramer" has lots of drama with some wonderful bits of comedy thrown in for good measure. dustin hoffman won his first best actor oscar for his brilliant performance here. most people say his performance in "rainman", which won him his second oscar, is his best. he was great in that film, but i disagree that its his best. in my opinion, the best performance of hoffman's career is in this movie. scene after scene shows us why hoffman is one of the best american actors working today. he's also funny at times. also giving a terrific performance is meryl streep, who wasn't as well known when she made this film like she is today. streep, like hoffman, also won her first oscar (for best supporting actress) for her work in "kramer vs. kramer" as the wife and mother who tries to find herself after walking out on her family. justin henry, who was only 8 years old when the film came out, is wonderful as hoffman and streep's son. he won an oscar nomination for his role here, and still to this day he is the youngest performer to receive an oscar nomination in a competitive category (best supporting actor). jane alexander is also fine as a conserned family friend. she too got an oscar nomination (for supporting actress where she lost to co-star streep). "kramer vs. kramer" is a great film from start to finish. writer-director robert benton has made a film that's absolutely unforgettable. <br /><br />**** (out of four)i hate to say it, but i really do think this one's overrated, and i love jackie's films. it's got more plot behind it than usual, but unfortunately, though it has some great stuff, i find it to be a bit slow. all in all, i say it's entertaining, but not great.hi! being able to speak cantonese, i found this very funny and was able to all the jokes that one might not get due to language barriers. the fight scenes are spectacular and it's a good movie. however, i have my criticisms. first of all, i find that it is not as good as the first one project a -go and see that now! :-) reason is, spoilers ahead-don't read on if you haven't seen the film!!!!!) because in project a, jackie ends by fighting his enemy; the man he is sent to kill, sanpao. that is what he has been striving to do all the film and the showdown is spectacular. but in a ii, hough he fights chan, the showdown scene between jackie and his nemesis is not long enough and the bulk of the action is against the empress's men. they are not nearly as "bad" enough and have only played a minor part in the film in relation to jackie so though their fight sequence is spectacular, they are not the ones jackie is hunting throughout the whole of the film, so thus leaving the viewer slightly unfulfilled. however, this is just my humble opinion so don't take it word for word-go and see it yourself! it is a great film in it's own right! take care and hope your admiration for jackie grows! yours sincerely, ian ps. you know the police chief in a ii? he's the same guy in first strike-nice to know he's still going strong!sequels are a capricious lot with most nowhere near the stature of the original. sometimes you find a sequel that is considered better than the original, some critics (such as john charles) have stated that project a2 is better than the original, i disagree somewhat but this movie is still a worthwhile follow-up and fits well in the output of brilliant hong kong action cinema in the 1980s as well as jackie's own oeuvre. i do wonder how with such an awesome release of great films that his later films were not as good. he only has directed two films in the 1990s and none past that, but he has had much clout in many of the films where he is not officially the director.<br /><br />earlier in 1987 jackie had brain surgery following a disastrous fall in the filming of armour of god. this encouraged him to work on his next film close to home. this did not encourage him to stop risking his life and his stunt team for our amusement. what resulted is a smash hit at home that eclipsed the original in box office tallies (31 million hk dollars compared to 19 million for the original).<br /><br />jackie chan is once again police officer extraordinaire dragon ma and he is ordered to work with "three wan" superintendent chun (lam wai, royal warriors) who is the only chinese police officer allowed to have a gun yet is thought to be staging arrests to make himself look better and ignoring the crimes of a triad lord named tiger au (michael chan wai-man, dragon lord). apparently chun has too much power to be taken down directly, but he is relieved of the sai wan district (now he is "two wan") which dragon ma takes over. this inefficient and corrupt office will soon get a makeover and there is a great scene where three officers, who do not know who they are dealing with, attempt to assault ma to teach him a lesson about complaining about police officers. he soon has that district ship-shape and tiger au taken care of. the fight choreography and stunts with tiger and his men are quite awesome. my favorite stunt was a beautifully brutal fall from the second floor into a large vase and that vase did not appear to be soft.<br /><br />meanwhile a couple of subplots are happening. there are pirates who have survived from the first film who are looking for revenge and food. then there are revolutionaries including maggie (maggie cheung, in the mood for love) and (rosamund kwan, casino raiders) who are trying to raise funds for dr. sun yat-sen to overthrow the qing government as well as government operatives who are trying to find these rebels. throw in a mixture of corrupt hong kong and british cops as well as legitimate ones and you have a stew that is getting a bit too many ingredients, but yet still seems to coalesce. this works well when there is a marx brothers influenced scene (the marx brothers have done this type of scene a few times with the cocoanuts (1929) being the first) at maggie's place where everyone is looking for someone while hiding from someone else. many weeks were spent on this scene alone and the effort certainly shows.<br /><br />there are several faults with the film. there is a certain didactic nature that creeps in the film that seems a bit out-of-place â? especially one small speech towards the end that jackie gives when dealing with the mainland revolutionaries and the extremely easy conversion of the pirates that survived from the first film. female characters are once again underused and under-appreciated, especially maggie cheung. i was not as satisfied with the continuance of the plot as much as the first film either. the individual scenes dominate my feelings for the film instead of thinking of this movie as a cohesive whole. i do not fault the film for not being able to have sammo hung and yuen biao like the first though (i have heard the main reason behind this was that those two were filming eastern condors, but i do wonder if jackie could have waited a small while to get them to perform in this â? they would work together for the last time the following year in dragons forever), but they are missed.<br /><br />i found this to be quite an enjoyable and well-made film and it is rightfully regarded as one of the better comedic action films of the 1980s. this film is also quite good in a few unexpected places. the art direction is superb (eddie ma poon-chiu), the costumes are exquisite, the cinematography is good and the movie looks quite authentic. but the stunts, comedy and the action is what i remember this film for. there is a chase involving a handcuffed dragon and chun that is superb (part of the axe throwing scene would be used in shanghai noon). the last twenty minutes is full of awe-inspiring hits, falls, chili-peppers as a mouth-mace (jackie writes in his autobiography about how he used real peppers in this scene; you can see him in a lot of mouth pain during the outtakes at the end) and is a worthy conclusion to this movie. the most famous stunt from this sequence is his homage to buster keaton from steamboat bill jr. (1928) with the exception that there is no hole and only a weak section where his head pops through.<br /><br />fans of jackie and/or hong kong action cinema should consider this a must own and watch. i certainly do.dragon ma (jackie chan)is back, having rid the seas of the dreaded pirate lo. back on land, he is assigned to the police force, where he is to clean up corruption and crime in a local suburb. along the way, he is caught up in the fate of several chinese patriots attempting to secure sympathy and support for their revolutionary cause. the chinese manchu government is after these revolutionaries, and anyone that stands in their way is in trouble, even if they are in the police force. i had big expectations for this movie after i saw project a. but sadly i was a little disappointed. there is just too little action compared to the first film. there is just one good fight scene until the big ending. that fight scene is in the "gangsters place" and its good, a lot of people flying all over the place and hard kicks and punches are throw. jackie chan and his stunt team don't disappoint here at all. the ending is very entertaining, jackie chan shows us why he is the best stuntman in the world. really exciting stuff! the only bad thing with the ending, is that the fights are too short and forgettable. conclusion: many funny moments, good acting and crazy stunts. but not enough fighting for a top rating.project a ii is a classic jackie chan movie with all the kung fu, crazy stunts and slapstick humor you expect. not as good as the prequel but still it is a great movie if you just want something fun to watch. the story is simple, jackie chan versus the evil men. so if you want a movie that you don't have to be a braniac to understand, i would suggest this one.i honestly dont know why so many people hate this movie, i have always thought that it was one of my absolute faves. the fight with tiger and his men rocked, the fight with the pirates with the axes rocked, the whole skit with everyone trying to avoid one another in the house is pure genious...ok so it didnt have the requisite kick ass final confrontation but the manchus were pretty good. i give it a 8/10.this production was quite a surprise for me. i absolutely love obscure early 30s movies, but i wasn't prepared for the last 25 minutes of this story. if, by any chance, you're not convinced in the first half, hang in there for the finale. of course, you must look at the blatant racism as being purely topical. a fascinating viewing experience, but i think the cat's paw is not available on video/dvd yet. watch your pbs listings!it's not really about wine. no, nossiter's real targets are those who would streamline and assimilate the peculiarities of local (wine) production for business purposes. to this end he has made an excellent, objective film. spirited, bumptious, emotional and flawed independent wine producers are juxtaposed with media-finessed, anodynesprech amercians and auld-europeans: the art of wine-making against market-driven, laboratorised product manufacture. it's an open show that doesn't lead conclusion.<br /><br />nossiter's film is occasionally infuriating to watch - cameras are neither concealed, nor steadicam, by any means. there are also plenty of captions as well as subtitles to wade through, often too short a time on screen.<br /><br />however it does outdo michael moore at the game moore can't play anyway. the characters speak for - and therefore condemn - themselves. well worth a viewing 7/10this film would be considered controversial today, but is still very funny. the racial stereotyping is done from the view of humor & not hate. this film strips off & shows how corrupt politicians already were in the early 1930's. this film proves it started before the 1970's & beyond when it has accelerated in the united states. lloyd is still in his typical genre here, even though his character was raised in china. <br /><br />the meaning of a cat's paw in this instance is a person who is running for political office but is being used by the established political machine to advance their agenda. in other words, they think this guy (lloyd)is harmless when he runs for office. then when he gets elected, he surprises them.<br /><br />this same theme is used later in james stewarts film mr. smith goes to washington. stewarts is more famous & has a stronger message. this film is more clever & subtle which are harold lloyds trademarks. <br /><br />there is still the heart of romantic comedy hidden with the facade of the movie but today's mainstream audiences would still appreciate the political humor & the ending is absolutely priceless. i wish someone could beat today's political system in this way. i was surprised how much i enjoyed this film & find myself wishing harold had done more like it during the 1930's. <br /><br />at least we have this one. i think the person who is quoted most in the movie is fictional ling po. i always thought confusicus was the wise one but this one makes me believe the wisdom of china was not limited to him & is a vast field of comedy lloyd mined in this movie.i really enjoyed this old black and white talkie. at first i didn't recognize harold lloyd as mr. cobb, a missionary to china coming home to find a wife. there were many twists and turns in mr. cobb's attempts to clean up city hall. his methods of making the punishment fit the crime would likely be illegal, but this is not a movie based on reality. this would be a perfect movie for children except that there is female near nudity (pasties only on grace bradley)! the old telephones are enchanting. the only fault is a problem typical of the day - caucasians are used to represent chinese men. this is offset by the positive way the chinese are portrayed. they are the wise, good and friendly guys. trivia - a bekins truck appears in the movie when the police run out of black marias.for those of you looking for the crazy stunts that typified a harold lloyd silent comedy, this is not the film for you. what the cat's-paw gives us is an interesting and atypical character for lloyd who was trying to establish himself in sound.<br /><br />for me the closest movie comparison to lloyd's character is that of peter sellers in being there. for all the education that lloyd has received in dealing with the world, he might as well have been brought up in isolation as sellers was.<br /><br />but where he was brought up was as a missionary's child in china and i don't know how much christianity he and his family were able to teach the chinese, but young harold has learned the wisdom of chinese philosopher lin po whom he quotes constantly like a fortune cookie aphorism. as it turns out lin po turns out to be one wise dude.<br /><br />anyway lloyd's father samuel s. hinds has decided his son needs some education in the modern world of 20th century america and he sends him back to be the guest of the pastor of the home church which sponsors the mission. the pastor there is the perennial candidate of the 'reform' movement of that town of stockport. but no sooner does lloyd arrive and the pastor dies.<br /><br />now the reform movement is a sham and the pastor a patsy of the political bosses who need a straw-man opponent in every election. they decide lloyd just might be a better patsy than the guy who just died.<br /><br />of course as it goes in these type of films the patsy proves to be not so easy a proposition. in fact lloyd constantly quoting from lin po, the way charlie chan used to dispense wisdom proves quite the adversary for the crooks who run stockport. in addition lloyd gains the admiration of una merkel, as cynical a dame as jean arthur was in mr. deeds and mr. smith. <br /><br />the cat's-paw is still a nice political satire though it did not establish harold lloyd as big a comedy name as he was in silent films. a nice cast of players was selected by director sam taylor topped by george barbier who plays a political boss who discovers lloyd and actually proves to have a streak of honesty in him.this movie caught me by surprise. for years i have avoided many of harold lloyd's sound pictures (as well as those of keaton) because they have a generally well-deserved reputation for being lousy compared to the silent films because the basic formula has been lost. however, when i saw this film i was pleasantly surprised to find i actually liked it,...once i accepted it really was not a "harold lloyd" film (despite him starring in it). this is because although it is nothing like the style of his earlier films, it is highly original and lloyd isn't bad playing a totally different type of character.<br /><br />as i mentioned above, the formula of the old films is almost completely missing here. lloyd does not do the old familiar stunt work, the romance is quite unlike his early screen romances, and the plot is just plain weird! instead of the usual roles, he is the son of a chinese missionary who returns to america for the first time since he was a small boy. because of this, though he looks like an american (except for his white suit and explorer's helmet), he thinks and acts a lot like someone who is chinese. in many ways, he's very naive about america and is like an innocent among wolves. early on, he meets a man who turns out to be a local party boss. this boss always produces a losing candidate for the mayoral race--because he is bought and paid for by the corrupt mayor to produce a "token" candidate who has no chance of winning. well, the old geezer who they traditionally run for office just died and he decides to run the naive lloyd--he hasn't a prayer of winning! well, the unthinkable happens and lloyd wins!!! this, and lloyd's decision to clean up the town greatly upsets the old political machine and they stop at nothing to destroy honest lloyd. just when it appears lloyd is headed to jail on a trumped up corruption charge, he creates a scheme that is 100% impossible and very illegal to get signed confessions from the crooks. however, despite this, it is incredibly funny and a great ending. so, my advice is at the end, just suspend disbelief and enjoy.<br /><br />an important note: this movie is definitely not politically correct. the word "chink" is used repeatedly. i found it offensive but considering the times, i ignored it as you should too. if, however, you are someone who can't and like being angry, i suggest you never watch movies anyway--as you are bound to become offended again and again.<br /><br />as a harold lloyd fan, i agree with the other reviewer's comments, except that i feel that "movie crazy" was his best sound film; "cat's paw" is a close second. (but, this is just my opinion).<br /><br />this film is a "hoot" from beginning to end and, in many scenes, george barbier (the crook that gets him elected mayor) almost steals the show! (especially at the end of the film).<br /><br />one wishes that una merkel's character would be a bit more sympathetic to harold, especially as the film progresses. only in the last few minutes of the film do we find out her true feelings for him. (and, even then, there is no "romance" - kissing, etc).<br /><br />this is a must-see film!what is often neglected about harold lloyd is that he was an actor. unlike chaplin and keaton, lloyd didn't have the vaudeville/music hall background and he wasn't a natural comedian. he came to hollywood to act; and he discovered he had a knack for acting funny -- first in shorts, then in features. he made a name for himself as "lonesome luke", a chaplin knock-off; with the "glasses character" that made him the all-american boy rather than a grotesque, lloyd found his stride and his movies became some of the best produced during the silent era.<br /><br />he developed a reputation as a "daredevil" in some shorts, and retained this in some of his best movies ("safety last", "for heaven's sake", "girl shy"). he was more popular than either chaplin or keaton during the twenties and he became very rich before the advent of sound.<br /><br />the first sound movies were often disasters. to get the most out of their "sound", too much dialog was used in many movies.<br /><br />lloyd's acting skills were, after two decades, geared for silents. he didn't have a bad voice; its high pitch suited his "glasses" character. and his sound films weren't the unqualified disasters of legend. yet silent movies had been raised to a high art (especially lloyd's, which did not stint on budget and were extremely well-crafted); with the introduction of talkies movies had to learn to walk again and they made some missteps.<br /><br />though he tried to move with the times and embraced sound, lloyd's best bits from his early (overly talky) talkies were still visual -- such as the scene in "movie crazy" where he appears to be riding in a swank car, but actually "hitched a ride" on his bicycle.<br /><br />trying to recapture the daredevil antics that made him famous, as he did in "feet first", was misstep. (in "safety last", his best movie and the one that, deservedly or not, shoved lloyd in the box as a "daredevil comic", he played a determined young man, climbing to the top. "safety last" had a natural structure that ascended to his character's scaling the side of the building. he was obviously afraid, but his fear added to the humor. in "feet first", he arrived in a precarious building-scaling position by accident; his frantic cries for help detracted from the humor. his character was pathetic and cringing, aspiration to save his neck -- possibly an accurate statement of the 1930s, but not amusing).<br /><br />harold lloyd was not mired in the past, like some wacky norma desmond. he embraced sound and tried to take his movies in different directions, growing and changing with the industry. when "feet first" failed he left the daredevil business and made a satire on the talking movie industry, "movie crazy". just as he had to flounder through many movies as "lonesome luke" before carving his place in movie history with the glasses character, he had tried several directions in sound movies before hitting his stride in sound, which he did with "the catspaw".<br /><br />in "the catspaw" he plays a missionary's son reared in china who unwittingly gets elected mayor as a front for corrupt political interests. when he finds out the truth, he sets himself the task of cleaning up the town. only in his early forties, lloyd could still act the brash young man.<br /><br />yet "the catspaw" was another box-office failure, and lloyd made only three more movies, including "the milky way". of his chief competitors, chaplin still had silent movies in him and keaton was hopelessly mismanaged. "the catspaw" and "the milky way" suggest lloyd might have mastered sound comedy if he had been a little younger, or if audiences had given him the benefit of the doubt after his early sound fiascoes.<br /><br />though the movie has been unfairly maligned about the way lloyd's character cleaned up the town, it suits him. from his days in "shorts" lloyd wanted to scare his audience, and the climax of "the catspaw" achieved it yet again, in a surprising way; until the trick is revealed it appears gruesome, and then come the laughs.<br /><br />viewed as a product of its time, "the catspaw" is charming and funny. a very well-written sound comedy, well-acted by lloyd. directed by sam taylor, its curious blend of drama and sly humor make it look almost like a frank capra or preston sturges comedy.it has to be admitted that the best work of harold lloyd ended with his last great silent comedy "speedy" in 1928. after that he enters sound films (like chaplin and keaton and laurel & hardy and w.c. fields) and does do better than keaton, but not as well as the other three. chaplin was rich enough to make his own films as producer (but he paced his films so there were five years between productions). laurel & hardy were under the protection of hal roach, so production standards for their shorts and sound films were pretty good. fields first worked with mack sennett, than with paramount, and then free-lanced. lloyd tried the route that chaplin took, but with less success.<br /><br />he produced his own films, but unlike chaplin he did not own his own studio. also his first two choices were not good (especially "feet first"). but he did begin to choose more wisely and "movie crazy", "the cat's-paw", and "the milky way" were all good choices. these three (and possibly "the sin of harold diddlebock") were his best sound ventures. they are all entertaining, but none are up to "safety last", "the freshman", "the kid brother", or "speedy". <br /><br />of the top four sound films "the cat's paw" is the most controversial. ezekiel cobb's solution to ridding the city that elects him mayor is very extreme for the tastes of 2005. or is it? when a movie is made dictates what it's politics are: "the cat's paw" is from 1934. that second year of the roosevelt new deal (itself rather controversial for heavier government involvement) movie audiences saw films like "gabriel over the white house" and "the phantom president", where our leaders did extra-constitutional actions to rid the nation of internal enemies (and to force disarmament around the globe). even cecil b. de mille got into this act with "this day and age", where a bunch of teenagers use rats to force a gangster to confess his crimes.<br /><br />to us, the use of violence to force anyone (even a bunch of goons and boodlers like alan dinehart's gang) to confess is repellent. after all, the supreme court has protected us from confession under duress. what we forget is that the reforms we are thinking of did not occur until the warren court and the burger court made them. for example, although mr. justice sutherland's opinion in the powell ("scottsboro boys") case of 1932 guaranteed every criminal defendant had a right to counsel, gideon v. wainwright did not extend this to ordering court paid counsel to defendants until 1962. the miranda case, with it's now well-known anti-self-incrimination warning is from 1963. nothing like this were considered necessary in 1934.<br /><br />if you study other movies of the period up to 1954 (and even to 1960) tricks are used to get confessions - kirk douglas confesses his crimes in front of witnesses in "i walk alone" while burt lancaster holds a gun to him. when lancaster leaves, douglas sneers about confessing under duress, only to see the gun is unloaded. suddenly he realizes that (legally - in 1948) he has confessed without duress. hate to say it, to any civil libertarians reading this note, but what cobb/lloyd does to dinehart and his pals in the conclusion of "the cat's paw" was not only legal, but would have led to their jail sentences in 1934. we may call it heavy handed, fascistic, or horrid, but it would have worked legally when it was thought up.returning from 20 years in china, a young missionary refuses to become the cat's-paw for a gang of hometown hoodlums.<br /><br />this movie was a bit of a departure from harold lloyd's previous movies. comedy derived more from dialogue, often rather serious, predominates here, rather than the elaborate sight gags which powered harold's classics of the past. there are some splendid moments, however, which are pure visual fun, as when harold attempts to follow a convertible down a crowded street, or when he desperately tries to keep a nightclub stripper from losing her clothes. there is also the climactic scene, set in a chinatown basement, in which harold gleefully jumps unabashedly into the darkest comedy. but most of the humor derives from harold's refusal to be the patsy of the criminals who've run his hometown for years.<br /><br />and it's quite a collection of crooked politicians & thugs harold finds himself up against, played by a bevy of fine character actors: george barbier, nat pendleton, grant mitchell, edwin maxwell, alan dinehart, warren hymer & stuttering fuzzy knight. pert una merkel is on hand as the tobacco stand girl who catches harold's eye and keeps him intrigued by her no-nonsense outlook on life.<br /><br />movie mavens will recognize samuel s. hinds as harold's missionary father; charles sellon as an elderly stockport clergyman; and herman bing as a german gangster--all uncredited. also, showing up for only a few seconds as an attempted kidnapper, is noah young, a familiar face from harold's silent films, here making his final appearance in a lloyd picture.<br /><br />fox gave the film fine production values, especially in the opening scenes set in china.went to the premiere at the tribeca film festival in nyc and i absolutely loved the film!!! i am diane's #1 biggest fan and of course, as always, she gave a magnificent performance!! i have seen every single one of her movies and i must say that this is one of my new favorites. diane was funny and moving and just took my breath away. donald sutherland was surprisingly humorous but also a good amount of serious. anton yelchin is just a wonderful young actor and gave an amazing performance. all in all, i recommend this film to anyone who can appreciate an excellent movie. 10 thumbs up!!! i would definitely go see it again and again and again. this is the best film of the year so far!!!this is an adaptation of a dirk wittenborn book, which i did not read. young finn earl lives with his mom liz (diane lane) in a cramped lower east side new york apartment. he dreams of joining his anthropologist father studying a fierce tribe in south america. liz has boyfriends and does coke. when he is caught scoring coke for her, one of her customers (liz is a legitimate masseuse) a rich mr. osborne bails her out in return for being his full time personal masseuse in his huge estate in new jersey. they are driven there in a limo with her strung out lying in the back seat with her dress hitched way up and panties showing. (this and a few low-cut dress scenes is the only exploitation of ms. lane. some may be disappointed but i'm sorry she had to do all that stuff in "unfaithful" to make the a-list. that lady has more talent in her little finger than streep, roberts, and sally field do in their entire bodies and its time she was given her due.) when they arrive finn makes friends with osbornes grandson bryce, and has a coming of age with his new girlfriend, granddaughter maya. liz meanwhile joins aa and dates an aa doctor. she miraculously cleans up instantly. finn however does a lot of drugs along with sex with his new friends. bryce seems like an ok guy but gets jealous when osborne takes finn on a hot air balloon race instead of him, and this leads to tragedy.<br /><br />the genius of the story, (and movie) is that they cut from the violent acts of the fierce filthy rich blysdale tribe to the yanomano warriors. it's a little implausible though that when liz finds out what happens to her son she merely demands action from osborne and does not either contact the authorities or settle it thelma and louise style. there are elements of a gothic romance with a revelation by the village idiot. also they do almost no plot or character development prior to the move to blysdale. liz, for instance, like lane's pearl kantrowitz in "walk on the moon" had an unwanted pregnancy with finn at 18 and felt trapped. this is in the book but not the movie. still, these are minor shortcomings. the movie will be in full release 12/31/05 over a year after the original release date, and i just couldn't wait.<br /><br />there were lots of red carpet moments in the theater i saw the movie at, with almost the whole cast...except diane lane!! $#%#q$ director dunne said she was off filming a movie. i know she didn't promise to be there, but i came from way out of town and it would have been such a thrill to see her in person. the movie is a definite best picture contender, as for acting?? sutherland was quite good, and so was the boy who played finn. lane was magnificent as always, but i only recall one or two emotional scenes, when she catches finn with drugs "lets get f****d up together mother and son" and with osborne "your twisted grandson...". she would fare better with a supporting actress nod but it wont work that way. unless they give it to her for a "body of work."just saw this movie 2 days ago. a very interesting look at people and our world through the world of wine. i have no special interest in wine, and yet i found this very enlightening. the director gave me the impression that he has the ability to show people as they are. while he exposes a lot of things that are below the surface he manages not to take a stand and leave that for the viewer. he shows a lot of compassion to people (and dogs) and sympathy and let people tell their story and in the same time exposes what they don't want to tell.<br /><br />the movie shows us where our world is going to, what are the benefits and what is the heavy price we pay. it is a movie about the love of wine and the love of making it big, personal and global, character and formula.<br /><br />the real stars of the people for me are the older wine makers with their disillusioned look at the world and themselves.<br /><br />it takes some time to get use to the hectic camera moves and editing, but it's worth it.<br /><br />highly recommended.from the opening scenes of fierce people (an interplay of tribal customs as photographed by the anthropologist father of the young narrator finn earl, demonstrating why this south american tribe of ishkanani is so fierce) the direction of the film is nebulous: are we watching a dark comedy about comparing life in the new york streets to uncivilized peoples, or is this a message film of a more serious intent? but as the story develops this fine line between entertainment and philosophical impact becomes increasingly clear. griffin dunne's direction of dirk wittenborn's adaptation of his novel may be a bit careless at times as it strays from rational plot development, but in the end there is a strong enough final impact to patch up the holes he created.<br /><br />our narrator finn earl (anton yelchin) lives with his coke-addicted masseuse/sexually obsessed mother liz (diane lane) in new york, waiting for the summer when he is to join his anthropologist father on a field trip to south america (a father he knows only from letters and videos), when a drug bust abruptly changes their lives: one of liz's wealthy clients ogden osborne (donald sutherland) rescues the down and out family and moves them to his ten acre estate, the epitome of wealth and power. in exchange for being osborne's private masseuse, liz and finn can live in the mansion with the 'filthy rich' osbornes - daughter mrs. langley (elizabeth perkins) and grandchildren bryce (chris evans) and maya (kristen stewart). osborne and his physician lead liz on the drying out path and finn bonds with osborne and his grandchildren, and despite the disparity in poor versus wealthy, the living situation works - for a while. incidents occur to alter feelings and finn is attacked and raped by a masked assailant, a turning point for the film and finn's view of the osborne family. osborne reveals his past to finn and together they manage to discover the truth about finn's troubling incident - and also about the fierce disease of the wealthy class.<br /><br />the film uses many clips of tribal activity during the film, drawing some disturbing parallels for some of the more challenging scenes. for this viewer that works well, but when the director elects to place tribal individuals in full regalia within the context of the osborne estate, the concept feel contrived, as though the audience has to be forced to 'get it'. the various subplots between maid jilly (paz de la huerta) and finn and the introduction of an obese retarded chalk artist whitney (branden williams) push the credibility edge of emphasizing the line between the wealthy and the 'lower class', but the performances by sutherland, lane, and yelchin are strong enough to make us forgive the film's lapses. not a great film but one with a lot of worthy ideas splashed around on the screen of a project that often feels lost in its struggle for direction. grady harpto the eight people who found the previous fierce people comments by "psycolicious me" and "topdany" "helpful," as well as to any future site visitors who see them before their authors delete them: these negative critique's are not only shorter than the site guidelines mandate, but they are entirely bogus, nonfactual, incorrect, and misinformative. for instance, blythe's dad is in a coma, not dead--maya and finn even visit him in the hospital. furthermore, it was estate deer poacher dwayne--not blythe--who knocked up jilly the maid, etc., etc. so if you have add which makes you incapable of focusing on the simplest details, please keep your condition to yourself by not pretending to be siskel or ebert. otherwise, include a disclaimer with your comments!a brilliant and sensitive movie with interwoven plot lines. as a general warning, the movie turns quite dark about half way through. as sudden as it is, this is a change that i found fitting to the themes of the movie, particularly the comparison of the ishkanani to the filthy rich, and (as is said by finn at the end) how each person makes up the tribe, and how the whole tribe is reflected in each person.<br /><br />anton yelchin (finn earl) is spectacular in this movie. he is probably best known as chekov from star trek or kyle reese in terminator salvation, but he's been in a whole plethora of movies you've probably never heard of (alpha dog, which is another brilliant performance on yelchin's part, house of d, hearts in atlantis, to name a few...) the point is that this kid really takes this movie and makes it his own. other excellent performances from diane lane and donald sutherland are what takes this movie up a notch, from great to excellent.i really enjoyed fierce people. i discovered the film by accident, searching through my on-demand movie lists trying to find something interesting to watch. the film is mostly about class in america, and it quickly grabs your attention. the characters are smart and articulate and the story doesn't stick to the usual hollywood rules.<br /><br />the main protagonist is finn, a precocious, but underprivileged 15 year old who spends his summer with the osbourne family. donald sutherland plays the patriarch, ogden c. osborne, the seventh richest man in america. diane lane plays finn's mother, a friend of ogden who is also a habitual cocaine user and a slut. the osbournes own a large estate and seems to live by their own rules. at first they seem charming and sophisticated but the super-rich are different. they are used to getting their own way. the film is enjoyable mainly because it has crisp intelligent dialog, superb acting and a story which takes unexpected turns. it is also an r rated movie, so it's not entirely wholesome. <br /><br />the cast is excellent. anton yelchin is believable and sympathetic in the demanding role of finn. sutherland and diane lane have never been better. chris evans is impressive as osbourne's devious grandson. kristen stewart is good as the pretty grand daughter. high quality movie.i can't imagine why it hasn't been theatrically released yet. it's got a great ensemble cast, with sutherland, lane, and especially chris evans doing spectacular work. wake up, studio execs!<br /><br />the story is based upon the experiences of the author/screenwriter, growing up as the "poor kid" in an extremely affluent community, where class is everything, and makes a difference in every aspect of life, from clothing to justice.<br /><br />during the film's q&a, the author was asked about his experiences, and particularly what we don't know about the ultra-rich. he said they aren't stupid, they're very smart (as opposed to how they may portray themselves), they've got plans, and they are a threat!<br /><br />in many ways, this film is extremely timely.i was lucky enough to see this at this years tribeca film festival. i was stunned by how well made and how entertaining this wonderful little film was. director griffin dunne has done a great job assembling this film that has several characters and several story lines that blend so smoothly and seamlessly. the main story involves the family and it is very thought-provoking and entertaining story that involved the viewer in every scene. the film as a whole has credibility and integrity, yet still has that commercial edge - an "indie" movie for the masses if you like. the performances by the cast are all excellent but it is diane lane who shines the brightest. diane lane is simply sensational in this wonderful film and should be oscar nominated. early days i know, but lane acts her socks off here.i thought this was a very good movie. someone said it was 'sick' so they couldn't watch it. i think if you realize its rated r then you will be prepared for the nudity and drug use. it is a good story and the acting is amazing. just can't be a prude to appreciate it! its basically about a mom who does drugs and wants to get clean so she calls a very wealthy old friend and he moves them to his estate and crazy things happen. i guess it is a drama. i am just so sick of people who don't like movies because of cursing or nudity. that is the world we live in. you obviously aren't comfortable with yourself if you can't see things like this movie. and it's rated r. so, that should tell you from the beginning that its not all peachy happy rainbows. i liked it. i think you will too!i attended a screening of "fierce people" at the 2006 woodstock film festival. i hesitate to label it a "premiere" of any sort, since it was shot in the spring of 2004 and had its world premiere at tribeca in 2005. it played several festivals that year. release seemed imminent, then it disappeared. poof. vanished. or so it appeared to the film-going public. rumors of a theatrical or dvd release have popped up now and then, but all proved unfounded. then this screening was announced. perhaps one can call it a "re-premiere?" it certainly felt as if i was witness to a buried treasure. and what a treasure it was.<br /><br />i suppose one could characterize "fierce people" as a coming-of-age drama. but it also has elements of comedy and tragedy, as well as mystery. and a bit of farce thrown in. in short, real life. that makes it hard to pigeonhole, which puts it more into the category of an indie as opposed to a hollywood movie. but its high production values, big budget feel, and star caliber cast seem at odds with the indie label. so let's call it a hybrid. and, perhaps, that's why it's been "lost." it defies categorization.<br /><br />meet finn earl (anton yelchin), 15, whose father is absent. in fact, finn has never known him. but he sees him and hears him via the collection of home movies sent from south america. dad is a renowned anthropologist, and has made a name for himself by setting up shop with the yanomani, the tribe of "fierce people" who live to kill and, well, procreate. all their activities are built around those two "tasks," and finn is captivated by it. mom liz (diane lane) is also somewhat absent. although present physically, she is lost in a world of cocaine and alcohol. so finn becomes an adult in his little solitary world with his reels of film.<br /><br />one summer, mom decides to drag finn along with her into the wilds of new jersey. a massage therapist, mom has catered to a wealthy client, ogden c. osborne (donald sutherland, in a tour de force performance) and he has invited her for an extended house call at his palatial estate. osborne's "tribe" includes an assortment of eccentric rich kids, servants, and village idiots among whom finn will find himself part of his own anthropological study. will his experience with dad's films help him survive life as a visitor to this tribe? will he be accepted? or will he be seen as an outsider, concurrently struggling with his own identity as an adolescent? such is the stuff of fairy tales, and i suppose this would be if not for the dark underbelly which director griffin dunne and writer dirk wittenborn have infused into this magnificent story.<br /><br />with anton yelchin's voice-over, intercutting pieces of dad's home movies, finn must learn to go back to being the teenager he never really had a chance to be, stop being the parent to his mom, allow newly-sober mom to be parent to him, and learn responsibility on the way to adulthood the way it should have taken place all along. yet he needs to make this transformation in a dangerous, dark world where playing with fire is folly to this fractured family.<br /><br />this is, first and foremost, a story-driven film and griffin dunne emphasized as much in the intro to the film. he bought the rights to wittenborn's novel even as it was being written, and wittenborn's own screenplay comes to life in the hands of the masterful dunne in a way that's a work of wonder.<br /><br />this is also largely a character-driven film, and sutherland has never been better. his star turn as osborne stunned those around me and will likely leave you amazed as well. diane lane's character ultimately exhibits so many personalities that it's hard to imagine another actor pulling it off so well. she is breathtaking. but more than anything, "fierce people" is anton yelchin's film. he has a long resume as a child actor but preciously little as a teen. other than the little-known "house of d" (also a gem), he is best known as byrd on tv's "huff." in january, he will be seen in "alpha dog" (also sitting on the shelf since 2004, a film i saw at sundance this year and in which he is the "heart and soul"). his performance here goes far beyond what one would expect from someone so young, and is nothing short of spectacular.<br /><br />this complex, quirky film has remained out of sight long enough. "fierce people" is a treasure filled with light and shadow, comedy and tragedy, joy and pathos, but mostly wonder.in the 2nd of his historical martial arts films, chiba portrays his real life sensei mas oyama. the film even recreates oyama's incredible feat of killing a raging bull with his bare hands (oyama did this feat over 50 times in real life). dynamic fight choreography featuring authentic kyokushinkai techniques. ironically this is one of the rare sonny chiba films in which he doesn't tear out or rip off body parts of opponents. a must see for sonny chiba fans definitely one of his top 5 filmsoddly enough, the independent film channel showed this film a week after it showed karate bear fighter--even though the bear film was the second in the trilogy and this film was the first!!! what were they thinking?! while all three of these films are supposedly based on the life of this great kyokushin karate master, you can't help but think that they must have embellished the story quite a bit--especially in this first film. sure, the guy evidently did fight and kill a bull and later a bear (in fact, he fought and killed many bulls during his career), but in this film set in the early 50s, at the end of the film, the hero actually fights about 60 guys and kills many of them brutally. i just can't imagine that this really occurred. so i did some checking and found that while many of the details are correct, some of this film is pure bunk! yes, he did kill a man in self-defense and yes he did follow the widow and her son and spent a year working for them--trying to get them to forgive him. but the end of the film is great to watch but hogwash. seeing one of his opponents get a staff thrust through his head and all the other gory details couldn't have happened or else the japanese government would have locked oyama up to protect society! the film is entertaining and the fighting is excellent. there are no complaints about the action or acting. the only minor complaint is the camera work--which is a tad sloppy during some of the fight scenes. despite this minor complaint, this is a most enjoyable film. in many ways, the wandering karate master theme is pretty reminiscent of the zatoichi films--which are also lots of fun to watch but many of the exploits are truly impossible.<br /><br />fyi--there is an englished dubbed version of this film entitled "champion of death" and i just saw it as well. it's not a bad dubbing and it was letter boxed (a big plus), but still i prefer the subtitled version.a very interesting documentary - certainly a lot more than sideways, a pseudo wino drama - where the capitalist conspiracy is revealed in all its greed. according to the documentary - and confirmed by the recent publication of a biography on parker - only two men dictate the nature of wines in the world: robert parker of massachussets and michel rolland, a french wine industry expert based in bordeaux and also known as a "flying winemaker". the director is clever enough to insert interviews of local wine producers from many different regions of france, from sicily to argentina and interviews of the biggest players in the industry such as the mondavi family to uncover the wraps on the globalization of wine making and marketing. a must see for anyone interested in the dark side of the industry. drinking a glass of wine will not be the same political and commercial act after watching this well made documentray.mas oyama was the most successful karate master of the late 20th century. he rejected the "training" of the karate clubs of the time focusing on an intense no holds form of training. he eventually built his system into a huge business empire with hundreds of schools across the world, without compromising his teachings. the testing in the kyokushin schools are still some of the most physically challenging tests any martial art school requires. one non- physical hardship oyama faced was prejudice due to his korean ancestry and he spent time proving that loyalties were to japan and japanese karate. this movie series was part of that effort although anyone who had the chance to meet oyama (i did) would never question his allegiance to japan. in this series, oyama's most famous student, sonny chiba, is called upon to portray his master.<br /><br />oyama arrives from the countryside where he has been training alone. he challenges and makes short work of the established karate schools he encounters. disgusted by the state of karate, oyama returns to his lone training. he eventually picks up a student, falls in love and gets in the way of gangsters who are allied with the established karate schools. in the middle of this is the legendary bullfight with a mad bull. how much of the film is true is questionable.<br /><br />that oyama could kill a bull with his bare hands is true. he was called on to repeat this feat numerous times. there are filmed instances of oyama actually doing this, although sometimes the bulls seemed to be tethered as oyama was getting on in years. sonny chiba portrays his master with conviction and the karate is quite good. chiba may not have been the best karate practitioner but, at this point in time, he was certainly above average. <br /><br />as a whole the movie is good, much better then most martial art films in the drama department. i always wondered why it's not more well known. possibly it the very realistic depictions of martial arts. people are shown getting tired and hurt unlike 99% of action film where the hero is a limitless fountain of energy and each blow instantly dispatches an opponent to death. chiba seems so exhausted at one point that it hurts to watch. perhaps viewers rather not have their entertainment reflect reality so closely.<br /><br />recommended especially for martial artists.sonny chiba, as everyone knows, is the man. in this film, he portrays mas oyama (1923-1994), a real martial artist who fought over 50 bulls with his bare handsâ?and won (interesting guyâ?look him up). anyway, chiba only kills one bull in the film but it's a memorable scene and as the liner notes say, right up there with the zombie vs. shark scene in zombi! the film also offers up loads of hand-to-hand combat and a decent plot to boot, though i don't believe all of it is true. this film is the first of the oyama trilogy chiba made and is recommended for fans of martial arts action. finally, three neat little tidbits; part of the opening theme was used in kill bill volume 1, oyama himself appears in the opening sequences, and that is because he trained chiba in real life for five years!when it comes to movies, i don't easily discriminate between crap, pure crap and masterpieces. i believe this movie is an absolute masterpiece and it's hard to keep me entertained for more than 90 minutes. this movie ran slower than mystic river and harry potter 3 combined and i still managed to stay riveted to my seat. for me, it was the passion that eric bogosian put into his performance. it's extremely difficult to pull off such a stunt and manage to garner any positive effect from it. bogosian probably nailed one of the toughest single-man performances in modern cinema. i didn't have any respect for bogosian until the end of the film. the entire monologue minutes before the inexorable climax was the turning point, it was the key that turned me around. this man hit a point so low that he knew he could never recover from it. the corporate boys congratulated him on the performance. his blistering prose made even the slimiest one in the cavalcade shake his head in awe. it made me realize that personal integrity and hypocrisy don't matter in the world of talk radio, even in the corporate world for that matter. stone may have been pushing some uber-liberal agenda but it was the actual movie and production that got my attention. oliver stone is a minor master of the moody. the final third of the film had probably the best lighting and cinematography i have seen in any film. stone artfully makes the dj booth feel like five-by-seven cell in a nineteenth century prison. visually speaking, it appears that bogosian's only friend is the black foam that absorbs his routine vitriol. he speaks and it doesn't speak back. it's a sad metaphor considering the way he treats the people who handed him his success. stone and bogosian carved out a stunning film of a man who is trapped in both a prison of walls and a prison of self. this man is confined to his own volition and he can never escape it. the scene that made me realize his conundrum was when he was unwilling to his ex-wife back. he preferred his own prison instead of the world on the outside. every story has a conflict and it came down to the simplest of all conflicts: man versus himself. 'talk radio' presents this conflict in an intelligent, gripping, and artful fashion. there are no hidden messages in this film and the progression of events should be expected by any astute viewer. i just leaned back and let my mind be grasped by this film and i loved it. it's unheralded, unseen, and it will never receive its due recognition. let's hope it stays that way because gems deserve to be found and then hidden again. it's a gem because i found it in the discount dvd bin at my local wal-mart store. for $5.50, it was worth the half-hour i spent digging trying to find it. i did and i got more than my money's worth. this is one of the best movies ever made and that is worth ten reasons alone. ten reasons give a score of ten.<br /><br />here ends my rant!this is a very cool movie. the ending of the movie is a bit more defined than the play's ending, but either way it is still a good movie.this film is totally mindblowing. it manages to be thought provoking, funny, tragic, and cinematic yet claustrophobic.<br /><br />although the flashbacks are unnecessary, the film maintains a pacy, punchy grip and the performances are all excellent, in particular alec baldwin, and the mesmerising eric bogosian as the film's anti-hero, barry champlain.in my opinion this is the best oliver stone flick -- probably more because of bogosian's influence than anything else. riviting stuff -- full of dread from the first moment to its dark ending.this is a film about passion. the passion it depicts is largely misdirected, even for the leading man. but therein lies the incredible power of this film: it shows us that what we believe can be contaminated by nonsense, and can even lead us to do things that are destructive -- to ourselves or others. moreover, those who try to escape from acquiring passion (watch the druggie who visits the studio) also risk self-destruction.<br /><br />the world needs to hear the message of this movie more often.oliver stone hits the bull's eye with this film, aided chiefly by bogosian's electrifying screen presence and biting, brilliant screenplay. every moment crackles with a steadily-growing tension, climaxing in a truly, memorable movie-going experience. if there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it! the result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.<br /><br />an ultimate indictment of our society's increasing morbidity, and self-sickening hunger for the next big thrill.<br /><br />a film not easily forgotten. i highly recommend it to anyone interested in the darker side of human nature.with boundless, raw energy and an uncompromising vision, talk radio brilliantly explores the public's fondness for reducing strangers' private problems into entertainment via the radio.<br /><br />eric bogosian is sensational as barry champlaine, a rude, in-your-face talk radio host. he's a natural for this kind of role, and fine tunes one of the most impressive, interesting radio personalities i've ever seen on screen. the timing and delivery of his insults to his various callers are strokes of genius.<br /><br />alec baldwin also shines as barry's boss. he demonstrates the same explosive cynicism that he would later display 1992's glengarry glen ross. but the supporting role that truly stands out is the stoned, seemingly brain-dead teen played by michael wincott. you have to see it to believe it.<br /><br />oliver stone and robert richardson do a great job with the photography, which is almost entirely confined to a single broadcasting room. the claustrophobic feel of the movie perfectly mirrors its tone. after all, one of the major points of the film is exploiting people's private moments to draw an audience. stone demonstrates that these moments are often too private for the whole world to experience.<br /><br />talk radio is a film with strong emotional and cerebral impact - the likes of which are seldom seen today.eric bogosian gives as great a performance as you'll ever see in an oliver stone film. his barry character is an assault rifle disguised as a man and he blows away anyone, on or off the air, that offends him. adapted from bogosian's stage play, "talk radio" is a vicious and frightening ride that doesn't let you off until it's too late. by then, you've become familiar with the fringe of racists, rapists, paranoids, wannabe assassins and mere prank callers who listen, speak and lurk in the dark of dallas nights. <br /><br />stone behaves himself, if that's even possible, letting bogosian dominate every scene, from barry's humble beginnings to the make or break point when his radio show can reach national syndication. the rest of the cast are uniformly excellent as the lovers and/or co-workers that all have being used and tossed aside by barry in common. <br /><br />the only thing i'd change is the recurring theme music, "bad to the bone". i'd have used bachman-turner overdrive's "not fragile". a better song, one i haven't heard in a film so far and a driving, relentless tune whose ominous riff is like the true soundtrack to barry's life.<br /><br />listen if you dare!i was expecting a lot from this movie, and i can say i haven't been disappointed. first of all, this movie, as a world tour of wine making, let the spectator enjoy beautiful places. the people interviewed are really interesting and funny too, in particular hubert de montille. the shooting may be confusing, the camera always being unsteady and often focusing on secondary elements in the backgrounds. you may not like it, but i don't consider it as a defect.<br /><br />the themes raised in the movie may be kind of confusing as well, since globalization isn't the only issue discussed. but nossiter managed to give his movie a consistency all along. a great achievement of this movie is revealing all the characters involved in the wine industry as they really are, avoiding a clichã© "good against evil". this could be the main difference between "mondovino" and michael moore's documentaries; nossiter's point of view appears in a subtle way, through opinions expressed by his favorite characters. the richness of this documentary relies mainly upon the characters, the history of long-time wine-making families, such as the de montilles, the mondavis, the antinori and the frescobaldi. nossiter lets the spectator discover that wine is somehow related to families, rather than just being a business and an industry. this movie doesn't make you want to drink wine, but certainly make you want to discover vineyards and wine-makers.<br /><br />i watched this movie as a student in enology, and let's just there are many ways to learn. i give this documentary 10 out of 10, despite his technical particularities.talk radio sees a man somewhat accidentally stumble through life, indeed the american dream, from whatever bog-standard and everyday job he has in a store; to presenter of a local radio show before going right the way through to the same job only later syndicated nationwide. it's a role he adopts out of his own aggression and natural mannerisms, a frothing mad approach to freedom of speech as he attacks just about everyone and everything, even those that often call up to agree with him or compliment him. his role as a man that rants on all things good, evil, right, wrong, political, religious, moral and immoral is something that people seem to take to in one form; that of 'it's entertaining and worth tuning in for', but additionally on a plane of rejection and antagonism â? two things born out of the very things seemingly encouraged in professional working life in the western world. this, towards a man as he gets to the very top of his game by way of the american dream and dealing in freedom of speech as people take to a man but do anything but take to what it is he says.<br /><br />talk radio begins with a montage of tall, towering buildings in a business based area of dallas, texas. the skyscrapers are shot from a ,ow angle and tower over the viewer plus everything else in the general vicinity as this voice of one man tears through the images, belting out statements and information on items as these monolithic buildings dominate out screen. they are the very physical representation of capitalism, while the voice of what we learn to be a radio dj is the oral representation of the free west; personal speech and opinions on anything and everything. stone will finish his film in the exact same manner in which he started it, although the film is anything but a circular journey of any sort as the characters undergo monumental changes in both what they witness and their general livelihood. rather, the shots of the buildings act as an anchor around which the study is observed. the ideologies and ideas of a way of life exist; people subscribe to them, but it does them more harm than good; before the re-establishment that this proud way of life still exists and will continue to exist in churning out the sorts of people on display in the film until someone or something drastically changes things.<br /><br />the dj is barry champlain, a man with a radio show on a local texan station dealing with just about anything. champlain's somewhat carefree attitude to some pretty explosive content is established when he flies from one call with a bigoted man whom recently visited a holocaust museum to a young drug addict whose girlfriend has supposedly overdosed and onto both the berating and mocking of a pizza shop. to us, the content comes across as quite shocking; to these people, everything seems to be business as usual which plants some serious seeds of both doubt and horror within the minds of us, the newcomers to all of this.<br /><br />what barry's show is about, nobody ever seems to really establish: everything and nothing. indeed, time is taken in the form of either jingles or dialogue that the shows immediately pre and post champlain's show are on specific subjects; gardening, for instance, and are hosted by calm speaking and methodical people whom, i'm sure, do not flit from one random or extreme to another all the time raising the stakes. one wonders what barry's jingle is, the kind that plays around about lunch time during someone else's' show: "coming up later, the barry champlain show! featuring the village idiot and psychotic drug abusers!" indeed, his show's introductory piece carries a matter-of-fact tone, a shouting at the audience, as a loud rock track accompanies it.<br /><br />barry's success arrives in the national syndication proposal. it's born out of confrontation and a relationship built on the contempt he has for his listeners and that they have for him. the furthering of the material and the upping of the stakes ought to call into question just how far they think they can take this, and whether this progressing down a track for sake of entertainment is really worth it. it is when the show reaches this level of broadcast that barry seems to come unstuck for the first time in his broadcasting life, when a supposed serial rapist calls in and leaves mostly everyone slightly stunned. it's at this point the camera pauses on barry, and by way of depth of focus, encompasses those same looming, towering buildings the film began with which stand outside of the window, directly behind barry. they remain tall and proud. specifically, of the ideologies they've been built on and this furtherance of freedom of speech in broadening barry's show nationwide as one man climbs his profession's ladder suddenly clashes with the sort of content that's being offered. everything reaches a point too far, and that with freedom, ought to at least come a sense of clarity rather than a mere revelling.<br /><br />oliver stone made talk radio right in the middle of both a fascinating and explosive period of film-making he had in the late 1980s. in this time, he produced a series of really well received films in a pretty short space of time; beginning with one of my favourite war films in platoon before continuing with the quite brilliant wall street and eventually finishing with 1991's jfk. one might even say that this run continued on into the mid-nineties with natural born killers. talk radio is like its lead character in the sense it's loud, booming, stark and confrontational. it isn't anti-capitalism, as much as it is focused on drawing a line between what is perceived as entertainment and what is just going too far for sake of popularity and riches. talk radio is certainly a film that sticks in the memory.excellent and highly under-rated from beginning to end. one of oliver's best. well scripted, directed, shot, acted and stuarts copeland's soundtrack (trivia: the music during the end credits vaguely sounds like a late 90's pop hit by "spacehog" band <br /><br />eric and cast are brilliant, let alone the callers. what a whirlwind of emotions. it make's your hair stand on end. (..."necks will be broke and whips will crack"--in a old female southern accent.. yike! creepy. scary than any horror movie.<br /><br />10 out of 10<br /><br />emoliver stone, always ready to make politically-themed movies, makes another one here. "talk radio" is loosely based on the career of alan berg, a radio talk show host in denver who was murdered by white supremacists. in this case, the character is barry champlain (eric bogosian), an outspoken talk show host in dallas who loves nothing more than to irk the people who call in. as it is, most of the people who call in are a bunch of pigheaded racists. and things may be heating up more than anyone realizes.<br /><br />bogosian's performance brings a light comical tone to an otherwise serious movie. i really liked the scene where he jabs at a redneck who calls in. granted, i wouldn't call this oliver stone's greatest movie ever, but it's a good reference in an era when media gets more and more concentrated. good performances by ellen greene and alec baldwin also help.i chose this movie really for my husband-who works in radio broadcasting. i thought that it would be more of a movie that he would enjoy and relate too, though it was from the eighties-so it was a little dated. this movie really draws you in. at times you just want to strangle the host, barry. at times you just want to send some of the bigots who call in to a true concentration camp. at times you really feel sorry for barry, because he has truly gotten too big for his jeans if you know what i mean. it was on the drama channel on encore-so i am thinking this is a true story. if you truly love dramas you will love this, even if you don't know all the ins and outs of the broadcasting business. if you are an alec baldwin fan and are watching it to see him, you shouldn't. his part is really a bit part in this movie.wow, a masterpiece of a movie not to be missed. <br /><br />i had no idea what this movie was when i started watching it late night. i didn't find out it was a stone film until after the film when i went on imdb. watching it, i was mesmerized. the cast, especially eric bogosian is just superb. one of the best scripts and camera work ever...the movie drew me in and kept me entranced until the very end...i did not dare blink for fear of missing something...amazing how a small-budget film can be so engrossing and well made while huge-budget films that feature tons of action and computer generated special effects can be so incredibly boring. don't miss this film...absolutely nothing. the movies that are great in this world are not recognized unless they are filled with gunshots, explosions, and death. this movie is filled with a man talking about showing you a more complex character than has been seen in many movies.<br /><br />when a movie is incredibly fast paced but stays mostly in one location it has to be the work of a genius. surprisingly enough, it is, this movie is directed by oliver stone and therefore is one of the best directed films of our time.<br /><br />this movie's screenplay was co-written by oliver stone and eric bogosian (barry champlain, main character.). with oliver stone's help, the screenplay was created as a seamless, rolling script which keeps you interested the entire time if you have any amount of intelligence. if you have an open mind about any subjects, and the wit to comprehend others, then this movie is something which you should find some way to watch, immediately.barry champlain is a radio phone-in talk-show host in dallas, whose no-holds-barred ideas on a plethora of social issues disturb and offend many of his callers and listeners. is barry a media messiah in search of truth, or a social misfit out to assault his audience ?<br /><br />this is an intense, provocative character piece about a man with almost no redeeming features who at the same time seems to be onto some really profound philosophy. though co-written and directed by stone, this is really bogosian's piece all the way and he gives an astonishingly hard-edged and penetrating performance from which there is no escape. barry is at times one of the most loathsome characters imaginable, spewing bilious misanthropy at everyone around him, particularly those who care about him. but at the same time he is also strangely empathetic, hypnotic, sage, even lovable. bogosian's hawkish features burn into the frame, with his green eyes constantly darting around as if permanently seeking an answer to some riddle. the movie is essentially an angry, self-righteous rant against all the bigotry, injustice and banality in the world, culminating in a wild three-and-a-half-minute rotating single shot of barry delivering the ultimate i-hate-everything speech, but boy does it pack a punch. the support cast are great, particularly greene as the ex-wife and baldwin as the boss. robert richardson's keen photography manages to keep the single radio studio set looking interesting and there's a tense score by stewart copeland, with a moving coda featuring that endearing phone-music piece, telephone and rubber band by the penguin cafe orchestra. if you're unfamiliar with bogosian, check out his amazing talent in this flick - like his contemporaries, bill hicks and denis leary, he's someone who rarely appears in the mainstream media, purely because his writing is so out there. i find stone's movies variable; i don't much care for his big successes, but when he is more ordered and objective, as with this (or salvador and nixon), he is much more incisive and arresting. a great primal scream of a picture, based on a play by bogosian, inspired by the true story of alan berg, a denver radio talk show host who was murdered by neo-nazis in 1984.alright, the first time i seen "talk radio" was in a video store for only $2.00 on vhs believe it or not, and i looked at it and i thought it might be about howard stern, because i just looked at it for about thirty seconds, then just didn't see it again. then i went to another store about a month later and i found "talk radio" on dvd for only $5.00. so i see it was directed by oliver stone, and i picked it up. so after the film was over i was speechless. i have never seen such a film like this. here's the main plot, then i'll tell ya what i thought of it.<br /><br />it is about a dallas talk radio host barry champlain, a jewish radio host who talks about whatever other people bring up and he interupts, and is taking everything seriously. now, a network wants to put his show live everywhere in the u.s. so barry's show gets a lot of interesting phone callers like chet (a neo-natzi), kent (a rock n roll drugged kid), john (rapist), and others. now some of the callers sound like the same actor/actresses. but still i think it fits okay.<br /><br />now what i love a lot about this film is the dark corners and the paranoid atmosphere of the radio station. the dark music in the background fits very nicely too. it has a flashback scene in the film also how he started with radio, which i think they did good on. <br /><br />but the great thing about the film is ending. i was surprised by it, and it kind of makes you feel paranoid a little about the phone callers off the air and everything about it is wonderful. it also tells you how to say the right things to people over a big city like dallas. one of oliver stone's underrated/weakest films mentioned, but i think it's his best in my opinion.<br /><br />but definitely get this film if you like films with paranoia-feel like films with a dark atmosphere with sinister music in the background. i still watch this film a lot of the times now when i'm bored, as matter fact i watched it tonight. yeah, if ya wanna really get the sinister feel to the film, watch it at nightime with the lights off. i may sound crazy, but it makes the film better!<br /><br />another thing i forgot to mention is that the reason i don't think the film did so well was maybe in my point of view because of the title. 'talk radio.' it doesn't sound very tricky or anything, it's kind of plain. a better title like the book "talked to death" or maybe "the abusive radio host" or something catchy and not plain "talk radio". or maybe because of universal pictures? oliver stone usually didn't do universal i don't think. paramount might have been a good company. i don't know, something about this film didn't do so well, but i love it.<br /><br />"sticks and stones can break your bones, but words can cause permanent damage."talk radio is of course, probably not the most well known of stone's films, but don't let that put you off, this film is ripe for discovery, i defy anyone not to be entranced by it. along with the best performance of 80's cinema by eric bogosian, for me (along with jfk)this remains stone's finest moment. stone doesn't seem to comment much on it these days and didn't do a director's commentary on dvd like all his other films. stone has nothing to be ashamed of, most directors would kill to get a shot @ a film like this.<br /><br />the claustrophobia of the studio is intense and the opinions of champlain are still very crucial arguments for today. the "legalise all drugs" speech is powerful and you might find yourself agreeing with him.in my opinion the film is about freedom of speech and how sometimes people don't like hearing things they don't agree with.the speeches and conversations with the listeners are very compelling, even disturbing, a chill ran down my spine when a crazed man calls champlain saying he has to rape again because the city drives him crazy is totally shocking.the tension is sometimes unbearable with a scene when heavy metaller kent becomes unhinged, of course champlain does himself no favours by ridiculing him. champlain(or should i say bogosian) is fearless in film and performance, totally mesmerising, a shame th@ bogosians other big role was the villain in under siege 2(dear god!!)one scene th@ didn't ring true was when barry's boss dan(alec baldwin) gets him to calm down, barry doesn't seem to be the kind of person who shuts up and does as he's told, it seemed a bit contrived and clichã©d.the scenes outside the studio are criticised for being too formulaic, it's true because stone is trying to make the film more cinematic and allow the viewer to see champlains beginnings but it doesn't entirely work. <br /><br />it is a brilliantly cinematic film with extreme close-ups, deep focus, extremely fast cuts a fantastic 360 set which is used for the final breathtaking monologue. must see cinema, it makes it rare because it was ignored @the time but is now receiving attention again which it so richly deserves. a classic th@ should be studied by generations of film students. <br /><br />10 out of 10 for inventive use of "bad to the bone" before t2, brilliant supporting cast including john c mcginley(dr cox from scrubs) as the sleazy stu, leslie hope(24)as champlains girlfriend, john pankow and alec baldwin as the suits and micheal wincott who plays three roles( a very underrated actor), the tension between the listeners and champlain which is very heart-racing @ times and of course kudos to the stars bogosian and stone for such a fantastic piece of cinema. enjoy!probably one of his lesser known films, it suffers from the same lack of exposure as salvador in that its actually one of his best.<br /><br />written by and starring eric bogosian, talk radio tells the story of an opinionated radio phone-in host who upsets the wrong kind of listener. the film is important, and has much to say on the issues of free speech and just how free it should be, and you can easily tell that it started life as a stage play. know what you're getting into before you sit down to watch it and you'll be fine.<br /><br />there isn't much to the acting really as bogosian pretty much steals the film, he wrote and is given licence to rant, i couldn't take my eyes off him and that was part of the fascination many of the listeners had; the people who hated him wouldn't turn off in-case they missed something.<br /><br />not for everyone, but a very good drama and overall a very good film.business vs. personal conviction. profit vs. art.<br /><br />as with any documentary that pits the capitalist large corporations against the small producer, the viewer will invariably have to take the side of one or the other based on their own believes. this is as much a documentary of the new standardized way of doing things that globalization is bringing us, against the old traditional ways where character and the art of making things matters almost more than getting the product sold.<br /><br />if you have to remember one thing from this movie, it is that the masses can no longer decide by themselves, they just follow the taste of one or a couple of critics that tend to equalize and standardize taste in the same way as macdonalds used to do for the fast bite (something parker himself admits to in the film against a backdrop of a burger king sign). "it is all about image" against content as another interviewee says. that is the easy way, the standardized way. easier than taking the time for a nice wine to mature, easier than to forge your own taste by trying and trying yet over again. controlled branded taste is easier.<br /><br />there is a glitter of hope when even some of our cousins across the ocean agree that a few people are "levelling" the taste of wines to maximize the profits and ensure a maximum of it gets sold to the "grey masses". individuality and difference is sacrificed for the extra buck. it is nice to see that not everything or everyone is giving in to standardization, even across the ocean.<br /><br />as in many other areas of today's world, dominance of a few and reduced freedom of choice impacts us all... let everyone make up their mind and decide what to go for. too much standardization kills the mind and taste; difference brings innovation and healthy competition and will allow for choice - and not just vacuum-packed "more of the same". standardization sells easily and a lot, and brings everyone to the same level - the lower one.<br /><br />on this, i am going to open up a nice bottle and wish you a hearthy "sante".never having seen an oliver stone film before, nor any films starring eric bogosian, i didn't know what to expect from this film. having toyed with the idea of buying it for a while, i finally got it for free as a supplement with a sunday newspaper and i was hugely impressed.<br /><br />it tells the story of barry champlain, a talk radio host who can be incredibly rude towards his callers, often putting them in their place before they realise what's going on. though this is what has made him a popular radio show host, it has also earned him numerous enemies.<br /><br />the acting in this film was hugely impressive with not one dud actor in it. eric bogosian is brilliant as barry champlain, the troubled talk radio host with alec baldwin turning in a strong performance as barry's boss, dan. it also features the voice of, and cameo appearance by, michael wincott (my reason for wanting to see this).<br /><br />the story was really well written as, despite his arrogance, you feel for barry as more about his troubled life is revealed and you see how vulnerable he really is.<br /><br />i'd recommend this film to anyone as it is captivating and, more importantly real on numerous levels, two of which being that is was inspired by the life of an actual talk radio host and the fact that you do actually get radio show hosts, and callers, like the ones featured in the film in reality.<br /><br />high recommendation and 10/10.<br /><br />aye yours, cat squireoliver stone is not one to shy away from a movie or theme for that matter. he is eager to confront people with their fears or show them their ugly faces in the mirror. look on his cv for proof! this movie is not an exception, quite on the contrary, it is another gem, that unfortunately not many have seen.<br /><br />as controversial movies go, this is one that you should be thankful for. a movie that should encourage you to think about you, the people next to you. the prejudices that do exist and that everyone of us has in one form or another. either we like to admit it or not, but it is easier to categorize people and be like "ah he's 'xyz', yeah he must be like ...". now i might be reading too much into it, but i don't believe that. i believe that oliver stone is a very intelligent filmmaker and that he was aiming for those things. and if that's something you want to explore (as a movie or within yourself), than watch this film and be excited!i have never been a great fan of oliver stone, often because i have found his films to be forced, preachy and generally flawed. the two stone films i truly like are jfk and talk radio, yet talk radio takes the cake for being stone's finest achievement. stone is a director whereby you are either a fan or you are not, it is safe to say that before watching talk radio i was not fond of the guy and considered one of the most overrated directors in the film industry, though after watching talk radio some of my perceptions have changed. talk radio is an unsettling and amusing attack on what is now known as "reality tv".<br /><br />talk radio follows a self-indulgent, dysfunctional, determined, hysterical, outrageous and perplexing radio host, named barry champlain who hosts a controversial late-night radio show in dallas. quickly becoming well known for his bold and quirky air-presence he becomes a late night sensation, whereby depraved junkies, delinquents, racists, sociopaths, sickos, perverts and morons call in to be ridiculed on air. the film shows the rise and fall of the man's career, carefully making an accurate portrayal on freedom of speech. originally adapted from a stage-play, the film attaches itself to the theatre theme that it was originally built around, wonderfully conveying the film's fierce nature.<br /><br />with the ferocious energy and non-stereotypical air, talk radio brings all the hilarity behind "crass media". it remains even more poignant today than it was in the late '80s. the film goes into depth studying the likes of arrogance, self-obsession, offensive behaviour, controversy, hypocrisy and ignorance. the film shows through a controlled manner how it is good to have a personal opinion and freedom of speech, yet it is something that should be used wisely rather than shamefully blunt. stone tries to show how freedom of speech is a crucial importance in life, but is something that we should be wary and cautious about. the film asks the question of "is our main protagonist just the same as the sad people who call up the show?" <br /><br />stone fabulously creates the film's key set-piece (the radio station) with an ambition and cold atmosphere. he then succeeds in capturing the isolation, fear, ambiguity and the dangerous emotions that are built up at the radio station. eric bogosian is perfectly cast as the isolated, self-absorbed and complex genius, barry champlain. he fits the role perfectly letting off his lines with such enthusiasm, urgency, perplexity, brusqueness and ultimately the bold hilarity of his offensive nature. the performance brims with spark, which was evidently robbed of an oscar nomination. his voice suits the character, being that a primary element of a radio host and his power of acting along with tragedy and comedy works brilliantly.<br /><br />there is a strong use of editing in stone's films and talk radio boasts some of his cleanest, most rhythmic editing. he uses beautifully controlled camera techniques, which differ from being calm to suddenly becoming turbulent. there is a vibrant energy behind the film, with its raw and wonderfully delightful script working as a centre-piece for the greatness of the film. the striking and virtuous cinematography stands out in the moments inside and outside the studio, most impressively capturing the city at night. not forgetting the hauntingly heartbreaking and yet darkly funny climatic "spiral to decline" is ultimately remarkable cinema.<br /><br />talk radio is an essential modern masterpiece, i am certain you will be surprised by just how great it really is. i highly recommend talk radio for anyone interested in media or film. talk radio is a fine example of top-notch, intellectual and insightful entertainment, which still packs a well-earned wakeup call. finally, if it was not for eric bogosian the film would not be the fun, delightful and enduring masterpiece it is today.i tend to be inclined towards movies about people who choose to cross the barriers of censorship, and express what they really want to express. eric bogosian's character of barry is like howard stern, but much more intelligent. the character itself is very fascinating. as an oliver stone film, i guess i was expecting more. the film sags a bit during the third act. plus, it's pretty obvious that "talk radio" is based on a play, with its long dialogue scenes. but overall, the film works. bogosian is great in the lead, and the fact that he also wrote the play from which the movie was based on probably helped him. if you want to check out one of stone's greater films, i better suggest you check out "jfk" or "salvador." this is not his best work, but a good movie nonetheless."talk radio" is my favorite oliver stone movie, though he has made many great ones including "salvador", "jfk", "natural born killers" and "platoon". but i like the intimacy of "talk radio", a cinematic expansion of eric bogosian's searing stage play that was based on a real life account of a dallas talk show host. working with ace cinematographer robert richardson, stone turns what could have been a very set-bound exercise into a visually arresting ideological battle that presents a radio station as an arena of war. bogosian is devastating as tortured on-air spouter of abuse barry champlain and conveys the conflicted, destructive nature of his character with conviction and a generous dose of self-loathing. alec baldwin, as his alpha male boss, strikes the perfect note as a man driven nuts by a guy whose monstrousness he helped nurture. ellen greene is fantastic as barry's sweet ex-wife who ends up becoming another target of his vicious personal vitriol. stone and bogosian fill every frame with interest and every line of dialog with sweet poison and cutting ambiguity. john c. mcginley, as barry's long-suffering screener/technical producer stu, turns in a hilarious, sharp performance, as does the great michael wincott. the film is a flawless, underrated masterpiece of superb writing, awesome acting and brutal, uncompromising direction. the stewart copeland score is brilliant, too.i have seen it a few times and get completely glued to it every time. it is very suspenseful and intense. to describe it sounds boring but it is amazing. it is the kind of movie where you need can't miss a thing, but if you soak it in it sticks with you long after it ends. now thinking about it i don't even know what stone was trying to make us see. just the story of alan green? i don't think so. it was a look at ignorance, stupidity, self-absorption, and a guy just loosing his grip. maybe he had more grip than the listeners though. i didn't like barry but still seemed worried about him for some reason. i was perplexed at why i couldn't get him out of my mind when the movie ended. i wish i could see inside olive stone's mind for this one.***spoilers*** for some strange reason oliver stone's "talk radio" based on the stephen singular book "talked to death" and the films star eric bogosian's play, about the 1984 murder of denver talk show host alan berg, has never gotten the recognition that it so rightfully deserved. the 1988 movie was prophetic enough to recognize the underground movement that was developing in the farm and hinterland of america. a movement that spawned, some seven years later, the likes of an angry and disgruntled gulf war veteran timothy mcveigh who's hatred for the us governments actions in wacco texas lead to his and friend,terry nichols, detonation of the us federal building in oklahoma city on april 19, 1995 that took the lives of 168 people, the worst act of terrorism on us soil up to that time. <br /><br />the movie is, as far as i know, the first time that any major branch of the entertainment media mentioned and elaborated on the rural militia novel "the turner diaries" by the late william l. pierce, that has since become a chilling underground classic. "the turner diaries" forecast a domestic and utterly disastrous terrorist attack, like the oklahoma city bombing, on a us government federal facility which was the fbi building in washington d.c. <br /><br />dallas radio station kgab talk show host barry champlain, eric bogosian, is the top rated show in the dallas listening area and is now about to go national. barry get's his high rating by his razor sharp wit and abusive behavior when he's on the air. taking on all comers and ducking no issues, no matter how unpopular or taboo they are, has gotten barry to be the most listened to as well as hated man on radio. barry being a showman at heart and not thinking that his talk can lead to violence keeps up his abrasiveness to his call-in listeners as his rating go up to the celling. but there are those in the listening audience, mostly ultra right wing types, that don't take too kindly to his in your face attitude. one of them decides to take matters into his on hand at barry's expense. <br /><br />powerhouse performance by eric bogosian as the tragic barry champlain who crossed the line from entertainment to hard reality in his actions on the radio. thinking that he's not that important to be sought out and murdered for his on the air opinions which is enemies dislike he found out only too late that there are those out there who are crazy enough to do to him on the outside. also in the movie "talk radio" is a very young alic baldwin as barry's boss dan who tries to have him soften his tone but in the end goes along with his talk show style since he's killing the competition not realizing that in the end it's him that he'll end up getting killed. <br /><br />both ellen green and leslie hope are the two women in barry's life his ex-wife ellen and now lover and talk show producer laura whom barry uses to his advantage and almost ends up losing both of them at the same time. the 1988 film "talk radio" is so far ahead of it's time that even if you watch it now in 2005 you still think that it's too disturbing to be shown to an over sensitive and delicate american public.in one of the more under-seen films of the late 1980's, at a time when oliver stone was riding high with platoon and wall street (and before his opus born on the fourth of july), he co-scripted and directed this look at the world of radio, specifically one radio host in the middle of texas. this man is barry champlain, in a once-in-a-career turn from eric bogosian, who wrote the original play and also co-wrote the script. barry is like a mix of howard stern and one of those pundits you hear on the radio stations many of us might turn off. he's got ideas on his mind, opinions, and he's not only un-afraid to speak them, but also to stand up against the phone callers. the callers, indeed, are the driving force in the film, as barry has to combat against the mindless, the obscene, the racist, and the purely absent-minded. as this goes on, he also has to contend with his boss (alec baldwin) and a hit or miss deal to go nationwide, outside the confines of the southern way station he's in.<br /><br />while after seeing the film i felt curious as to see how it would've been done on stage (i'd imagine it was a one-man show, as bogosian has had several on the side), the direction of the film is phenomenal. stone has been known, almost typecast, as a director who loves quick cuts, the limitless effects of montage, and effects with the styles of camera-work and other little tricks, that give his films in the 90's a distinctive, almost auteur look. but in the 80's he had this energy and feverish quality to the look of the film, and wasn't as frenzied as the other films. in order to add the proper intensity that is within the studio and head-space of barry champlain, he and dp robert richardson make the space seem claustrophobic at times, gritty, un-sure, and definitely on edge. the scenes in the middle of the film, when barry isn't in the studio, are fairly standard, but the style along with the substance in the radio scenes is among the best i've seen from the stone/richardson combination.<br /><br />and one cannot miscalculate the performance of bogosian, who can be obnoxious, offensive, angered, passive, and everything that we love and hate in radio show hosts. there is also a funny, near distracting supporting role for michael wincott as kent/michael/joe, who prank calls him one night, and the next gets invited to the studio. these scenes are a little uncomfortable for a viewer, but it does get very much into the subculture head-space of the 80's that barry is as intrigued as he is critical of. the stoner may not 'get it', but as he says to him "it's your show". indeed, it's hard to cover everything that goes on within the talk, and there is a lot of it. but it's never boring, and like champlain himself, it's not easy to ignore. and when bogosian goes into his climactic tirade on air, with the background panning around in a continuous 360 spin, it becomes intoxicating, and a reason why freedom of speech is so powerful.<br /><br />stone has been synonymous as a filmmaker of hot-button issues, who takes on subjects that were or still are controversial, and gives them a life-force that isn't always great, but is all his own. here his skills and ambitions don't get in the way of bogosian's- it's boosted, if anything, making an extremely skilled vision of what is essentially a near one-man show, which in and of itself is already well-written.when you think 'oliver stone' the movies that come to mind would be his biggest and most controversial ones like platoon, jfk, born on the fourth of july, or natural born killers. talk radio usually doesn't. it's a pretty small movie, actually. more than half the movie takes place with barry champlain at his radio station talking into his mike. but believe me, this is one of oliver stone's greatest movies and should not be missed.<br /><br />above all things it's a character study. barry champlain is a rude, self-destructive, risk-taking talk radio show host who says one too many things and starts to get in trouble with his boss, his lover(s), his fans, and even some nazis. he doesn't like his audience and callers and a lot of them don't like him (eithor that or do like him, but have no idea why). but, at the end he says on his show: "i guess we're stuck with each other."<br /><br />see talk radio, even if you don't like oliver stone movies. you might be surprised. i sure was.<br /><br />my rating: 10/10from the offset, i knew this was going to be a terrific movie, the pace, the cinematography, personalities indigenous to the dallas area, the diversification of characters, not to mention the director oliver stone and of course eric bogasian...the film starts out on a friday (suggestively occult in the first place) and begins with a radio station in dallas that is hosting their number one talk show, the barry champlain show (based on the talk radio host alan berg)...barry (eric bogasian) is the abrasive radio talk show host and his job is such whereby it is compulsory to pontificate all of the sensationalistic nuances of the radio audience feeding into his show...he attempts to commiserate with a bunch of societal deviates turned lonely, vulnerable, obscene phone callers who have the masochistic craving to be publicly vilified, barry champlain is effective in coping with this precarious ilk, by socially debasing them rather than simply subjugating them to mere admonishment...new technologies serve a stigmatic purpose for the dallas radio audience, and paramount concepts take a backseat to perversion, talk about "baseball scores, orgasms and people's pets!!"<br /><br />the whole thing is a cacophony of drug-induced diatribes and a potpourri for psychopathic paranoia!! this high profile cannon fodder is something that barry champlain thrives on!!! the convoluted pathos, the deranged proclivities deeriving from inaneities and puveyors of pornography and the overall pop culture afflictions serve as volatile ammunition for barry champlain's stilted battleground!!<br /><br />the setting for this movie is perfect in that there is a two thousand foot drop in terms of ideology.. in the the center of dallas there is an overbearing sense of cosmopolitan awareness, whereby 20 miles away resides a significant chapter of the ku klux klan!!...the play is based in denver,that is where the actual story takes place, other small theater plays depict the cities of louisville, atlanta and cleveland. dallas is the city where the film takes place, i thought it was an excellent choice!!...this movie illustrates how people have a horrid and erroneous and deadly misconceptualization of the jewish people in america, whereby they control the banks, their agenda is different than everybody else's and their intellectual literature leads to perversion!! these preconceived notions compound barry champlain's overall dilemma!!! barry champlain's personal undoing is whereby he is irascible and non-responsive to his alcoholism, and his abrasive and politically controversial nature is his ultimate undoing, this is what makes the film so believable!!<br /><br />the characters in the movie were well portrayed, dan, the tailor made for middle management hatchet man (played by alec baldwin) who was constantly monitoring barry champlain's every move!!..laura, his girlfriend, also his producer, will constantly feel barry is someone who is always misunderstood!! ellen, his ex-wife, is a recipient of barry's anguish and selfishness, but cannot quite relinquish her feelings for barry regardless of the path of personal destruction he winds up resorting to!! the dallas radio audience is a melting pot of socially misplaced retro-bates who are dementedly amused by their own real shortcomings!!!...in part, everybody's hang-ups including barry champlain's own hang-ups are what do barry champlain in!! his audience ogles depravity, solicits amelioration and ultimately becomes barry champlain's pet project for prescribed sinners!! social culture conflicts become barry champlain's downfall!! <br /><br />this movie is superb!! in my opinion oliver stone's best picture, including platoon and natural born killers..that statement in of itself tells you how magnificent a film talk radio is...the story consulting and acting and co-producing of eric bogosian is simply compelling!! the camera angles, the dialogue, the haunting character portrayals, all top notch..the cinematography of the dallas skyline at the end of the movie is terrific!! dallas has the dubious distinction of being deemed a mega metropolis...so now, just like los angeles and new york, there are crack baby cases too numerous to count, low cost housing neighborhoods from hell and budgets cuts that will mean there will be a significant number of people who will be dead by this time next year!!!!...dallas asserts it's status as a major metropolitan area in the precarious manner by which human debauchery prevails!! the city has it's lynching radio listeners who have given a pejorative spin to the marvel of nationwide air wave communication!! these are the culprits in the movie!! the ghoulish tabloid derelicts who want to meet the big bad wolf, and their decadent curiosity has morally obliterated "the last neighborhood in america"i saw this at the london film festival last night, apparently the shorter version. james mcnally's summary of the content of the film is very good. nossiter very deftly blends his investigation of the wine business into wider concerns about globalisation, homogenisation, the effect of the mass media, the power of capital and the need for diversity.<br /><br />the film is shot on hand-held dv which some might find offputting, but which does enable nossiter to catch people off guard on a number of occasions which probably would not have been possible using more conventional equipment.<br /><br />despite the sprawling feel of the film, the editing is very sharp, not only giving us a parade of the world's dogs, but also undercutting a number of interviewees' comments with somewhat contradictory visual images, and giving others sufficient rope to hang themselves. to a degree this evoked michael moore's recent work (although nossiter operates in a more subtle way), but probably the roots of the film go back to marcel ophuls' "the sorrow and the pity", both in the way the film is constructed and in the emergence of 'salt of the earth' french peasants as the stars. de montille pere et fils were present at the lff screening and answered questions afterwards. we do indeed all need a little disorder - bravo hubert!<br /><br />overall an excellent film with implications that go way beyond the world of wine into the way we construct ourselves as people, and organise our world.easily one of the best indian films ever. granted, that's not saying much(i made this conclusion after a whopping 15 minutes of watching). but i can truly say that fire is also one of the really beautiful and brilliant films i've seen.<br /><br />beautiful because of its imagery. the best example i can give is the parallelism between the 2 female leads(radha and sita) and the characters of the same name in hindu mythology. sita, for example, is the wife of the revered lord ram. as legend goes, ram subjugates his wife by making her walk through a fire to prove her `purity.' sita, in response, cries and leaves him, reuniting with her mother(the earth). this story has all sort of crazy links to the stories of the 2 indian women(nandita das and shabana azmi). the word `fire' all of a sudden has many meanings - marriage, tradition, religion, motherhood, and probably a few others i didn't catch.<br /><br />brilliant because of its social overtones. many who were offended by the premise for this movie should in fact be first to see fire(e.g. my mom, who actually loved it). why? because although fire is an attack on tradition, it is also an attack on tradition. in other words, that is its strength, not its weakness. traditional conservative social mores(whether indian or canadian or american or whatever) are useless if they enslave you. gender roles and self-denial can both do this.<br /><br />these are the things i took with me after seeing fire. hats off to deepa mehtaâ?not a bad movie but could have been done without the full frontal nudity of a 10 year old boy in one of the opening scenes. this movie has excellent dialog; which is certainly common among foreign films. foreign actors still know how to act as opposed to american actors who let the cgi, stunts, and special effects do all the work for them. this film is just good old fashion acting. gerarde depardieux did an excellent job as always. the costumes and scenery are accurate with the time. my only complaint is that they should have dubbed the english words over the french instead of using subtitles; this could just be because i hate reading subtitles.cinema, at its best is entertainment. if one is to question every aspect with which one finds room for disagreement,and much of recorded history is based on contemporary opinions - often biased - then one should leave the cinema, because their prejudices will always spoil their enjoyment. when i spotted an airplane flying overhead in a film dated 33bc i was amused. the background scenery in "casablanca" is absurdly fake. so, do i set up a moan & say that the film failed to convince? fiona, relax and enjoy some excellent acting. wajda's decision to cast the protagonists as french & polish was inspired. one was immediately aware of which side each of the main characters was representing. no need to dwell on the authenticity of the wigs. this is powerful cinema. if there is a political message which is still relevant today - have a dinner party - a chã¢teau d'yquem with the foie-gras; a puligny montrachet with the entree; some polish vodka sorbets and perhaps a 1961 chã¢teau lafite-rothschild with the beef - and discuss the political aspects of danton until you drop with fatigue. danton would surely have agreed?many american pea-brains who worship and support the political half-truths of hucksters like michael moore would do well to sit through this movie more than once and see how hypnotic manipulators can scare, intimidate and lie to an underinformed public and get the people they fear or loathe killed, spindled and mutilated. robespierre in this fine epic kills the opposition by remote control, all in a fit of self-righteous devotion to his principles. we get the impression that robes felt it quite justifiable to snip off his opponent's heads, even as he sent his minions out to trump up false and misleading charges against the state. today, the captains of our rotting media institutions are much more sensitive that robes...they merely murder your character with innuendo and false charges laid down without foundation or sources. witness dan rather's attempts to assassinate w's character on the eve of the 2004 election, or the constant drumbeat that the 2000 election was stolen, although constitutional scholars continue to scoff at such irresponsible drivel.this film is more than the story of danton. it was a joint polish french production filmed at the time of the beginning of the end of the soviet system. it probably helped spur the solidarity movement's union activity. it is more about poland in the 20th century than the french revolution. solidarity began the end of the system. this film itself is historical by it's very existence....the rest is history.<br /><br />robspiere, aka. totalitarian leaders. danton, aka. walensa. when one watches this film, one must remember the snowball which began in poland. <br /><br />actually, it could be useful for seeing the superpower struggle within the only superpower left.unlike http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098238/ this movie provides no background information. we are shown a snapshot of the fall of danton, his mock process and execution but, unless one studied the revolution quite extensively, it is difficult to understand where characters come from ( fouquier-tinville, philippeau, desmoulins, robespierre... ) and thus to appreciate them for what they are: danton and joe blobb could be the same person to the viewer. for example robespierre & desmoulins were close friends since their youth, and this explains how robespierre acts. those who know the facts, though, will easily orient themselves and appreciate this good movie with actors delivering solid acting, no useless subplots and good reconstruction of the times. desmoulins and danton are the best characters, but all do a good job, even the 'demented' saint-just portrayed as sort of psychopath. 'terreur' was a period of massacres whose importance hasn't been fully documented and that -for the most part- were driven by ambition, greed and the settling of personal disputes, fed to ignorant sans-culottes as the next epochal step against tyranny.i was very curious to see this wajda-depardieu outing, plus the time period is definitely fascinating. being a wajda fan, i was disappointed, and that may be an understatement. the film never really took cinematic flight -- there's no foundation for the animosity between danton and robespierre, etc.<br /><br />basically, the script was weak (adapted from "the danton affair"). and yet, the direction was masterful...it's wajda, afterall! also, there were some amazing actors but they never really grab the audience's attention like they should. depardieu comes off as a quasi-goofy, nonchalant danton...not exactly the image we have in mind. woijech pzsoniak is incredible, as usual, but again the script puts up limits even actors of great talent can't break down. andrzej seweryn and bogoslaw linda pop up ... as bourdon and saint-just...and if you're familiar with wajda, then you'd know them.<br /><br />overall, i was disappointed with this much-lauded film. great cast, great director, but no quality foundation. bad, undynamic script. we need to get in danton (walesa) and robespierre's (general j) mindsets... what are their motivations? eh...who knows? one likes women, the other powders himself? riiight. ok, so if you're looking for a great french revolution movie i highly recommend "la revolution francaise"...it's in two parts and oh-so-great! excellent performances, in-depth script, juicy tid bits...definitely a satisfying experience!! klaus-maria brandauer is a much better danton than depardieu...the wonderful andrzej seweryn apparently took some notes from "danton" and is brilliant as robespierre. see it! now! as for wajda fans -- you're better off with "man of iron/marble", "promised land", and the like. cheers!!this is a great movie to look at, since it so nicely directed by andrzej wajda but at the same time i wished the movie would had some more depth in it, in terms of its story. it's an historically relevant movie about the last days of the french revolution but yet the movie forgets to focus on the character's motivations making the movie perhaps a tad bit too shallow to consider this a brilliant and relevant movie to what.<br /><br />somehow it doesn't make the movie any less great to watch though. it's made with passion and eye for detail. every aspect about the movie is good looking, such as its settings, costumes and camera-work.<br /><br />also the story still works out as powerful, though at the same time it could had been so much better and more powerful with a just bit more character development and insight historical information. guess if you're completely familiar with the french revolution and the stories of danton and robespierre in particular, this movie will be a perfect one for you to watch.<br /><br />it's somewhat typical for a french movie to tell a story slowly and subtle, without ever stepping too much in detail. often this works out charmingly but in this case the movie could had really done with a bit more depth. other than that, this movie is still one fine example of french cinema, despite the fact that it's being directed by a polish director and stars lots of polish actors in it as well.<br /><br />gã©rard depardieu is great in his role, though the movie also decides to concentrate a lot on many other different characters. the movie perhaps has a bit too many characters but each and every performance is a great one, so this doesn't really ever become a big complaint, other than that it slows done the story a bit at certain points.<br /><br />a great movie that could had been brilliant.<br /><br />8/10the film tells upon the title role,danton(gerard depardieu),confronting against robespierre(wojciech pszoniak) during the french revolution.the film is based on real deeds,they are the following: danton(1759-1794) as lawyer participated in the overthrowing of the king louis xvi and the proclamation of the republic,being minister of justice in the convention(1792)and founder of cordeliers club.he proposed creation revolutionaries committees as the committee of public salvation which he presided but was substituted by robespierre,starting a period of revolutionary dictatorship known â¨the terrorâ¨(1793). besides in the film appear other historic personages as camille desmoulins(patrice chereau,now a famed filmmaker)louis david,saint just(jacobino),tallien..<br /><br />the picture especially narrates the happenings surrounding the facing off of the principal figures,one-time partner revolution ,and posterior execution,although gives results a contemporary parable about the modern poland,thus danton is lech walesa and robespierre is wojciech jaruzelski who was the prime minister imposed the martial law in poland and with similar name than actor played robespierre . gerard depardieu is excellent in the title character and magnificently portrayed, also in secondaries roles are awesome actors as the recently deceased jacques villeret(dinner game,crimen in paradise)and angela winkler(the tin drum). the motion picture is well directed by andrzej wajda ,considered the best polish director.the flick will like to historical cinema buffs.if there were two parts that the physically towering, ugly-charismatic actor gã©rard depardieu was born, as a frenchman, to play, it must surely have been cyrano de bergerac and the orator georges danton. here he dominates the film both through the breadth of his shoulders and the power of his voice; his charisma carries the part despite the fact that it is made clear that the character has as much blood on his hands as any of the rest of them. danton feasts while the people of paris starve... but he is the one man who can challenge the tyranny imposed by the dreaded committee of public safety in the name of 'freedom', and he is presented as the hero of the film -- despite the fact that the source play practically idolises his opponent robespierre!<br /><br />for those who know the characters from history, there is interest to be had in identifying the minor parts: the frog-faced tallien, couthon the cripple, fouquier-tinville the tribunal's prosecutor, the dashing fop st-just, the epic painter david. but the script cuts little slack in this respect; names are often late in coming if minor characters are identified at all, and there is no hollywood-style 'info-dump' to make sure that the audience can place events in their historical context. the film takes it for granted that you know what has gone before, and what will happen after -- sometimes it takes too much for granted, as when it relies on a close knowledge of dates to provide the sting to its tail in the fact that robespierre followed danton shortly to the scaffold.<br /><br />considered as a film, it's not entirely satisfactory in that it ebbs away towards the end. the structure of the story leads up to some great confrontation between the protagonists in the courtroom or some dramatic climax to the trial, which, thanks to history, never actually happens. things just fizzle out: there is no revolt, there is no overthrow of tyranny, there is no assumption of power by the victor, there is no triumph on either side. it may be historically accurate, but it's not entirely satisfying as the outcome of a screen scenario -- it seems an odd place to stop. as others have commented, it might have been more logical to take events up to the end of the terror and show in apposition the fall of robespierre.this is one of the best movies on the french revolution ever produced. being a person well versed in the the period i was amazed at the level of detail. the costumes are spot on. even the detailed little day to day items such as ink wells, serving plates etc are all perfect. as an american living in france who has access to the sites in the movie through his membership in various historical associations such as the napoleonic alliance i can not over state how impressed i was with the visual accuracy of the film.<br /><br />the dialogue where known is virtual quotations and the where not recorded is in character. i was extremely pleased with this movie and am disappointed that it is not out on dvd yet. this is how historical drama should be done. must see....i saw this film at the 2004 toronto international film festival. since i work in the wine business, i had been quite eager to see this documentary, and i wasn't disappointed. reportedly drawn from over 500 hours of footage, the good news is that nossiter will be releasing not only a theatrical cut, but a ten-part, ten hour series of the film on dvd by next christmas (thinkfilm is distributing it). the bad news is that it's still a bit of an unwieldy beast. when it was shown in cannes, it was close to three hours long. for toronto, he's cut about half an hour but it still clocked in at 135 minutes. now, for me, that's fine. i love wine and i love hearing about the controversies raging in my business. but not everyone wants that much.<br /><br />nossiter flits around the globe, from brazil to france to california to italy to argentina, talking to wine makers and pr people and consultants and critics about the state of the wine world. the theme that emerges is that globalization and the undue influence of wine critic robert parker are forcing a kind of sameness on wine. small local producers are either being bought up by larger conglomerates (american as well as local), or are being pressured by market forces to change their wines to suit the palate of mr. parker, who dictates taste to most of the american (and world) markets.<br /><br />it's a complicated subject, and i can understand why nossiter wants to let his subjects talk. there is robert mondavi, patriarch of the napa wine industry, and his sons tim and michael, whose efforts to buy land in languedoc faced opposition from local vignerons and government officials. there is aimã© guibert, founder and wine maker of daumas gassac, iconoclastic opponent of mondavi's plans and crusader for wines that express local terror. there is robert parker himself, expressing some discomfort with his influence while refusing to stop writing about the wines that he favours. there is "flying wine maker" michel rolland, consultant for dozens of wineries all over the world, advising them how to make parker- friendly wines. there are many many more fascinating personalities in this documentary.<br /><br />if you are a wine lover, you will want to seek out the ten-part series as well as the theatrical version of this film. but even if you're not into wine, the film is an interesting look at how the forces of globalization are changing many of the world's oldest and most established traditions. the effects on local cultures and economies cannot be ignored.<br /><br />(8/10)danton was a hero and one of the founders of the french revolution of 1789. this movie is set five years later and the revolution has morphed into something ugly. while initially the revolution promised freedom, at this point the small committee running the country is extremely repressive and is a dictatorship. danton and his friends were angry at how the country wasn't better off in 1794 than it was before they got rid of their king, so they begin criticizing the government. the movie begins as the printer who makes critical pamphlets concerning the government is beaten and his business is destroyed. so much for "liberty, equality and fraternity"! so, as a result of being silenced this way, danton et al begin publicly criticizing the government. eventually, robespierre (the leader of the committee) and his cronies trump up charges, have a show trial and get rid of the dissent. some have mentioned that the polish director, wajda, also intended this to be a criticism of his own nation--which, at the time, was soviet-dominated and very repressive as well. this makes sense as you see the movie unfold--especially when the government destroys all dissent "in the name of the people".<br /><br />the acting is fine, the story compelling and i have no major criticism of the film. however, i really wish the ending had been handled differently. especially because other than history lovers and french people, most probably have no idea that this execution helped to end the government. after this purge of danton in april 1794, robespierre himself was executed in july 1794 because the country had just had enough--plus, those surviving frenchmen knew that they, too, would face the guillotine sooner or later if this sick system remained in place. some sort of an epilogue would have been nice--such as showing the soldiers coming for robespierre. he responded by trying to kill himself first, but he only succeeded in blowing off part of his face--still alive, he was guillotined shortly afterward. this would have been a dandy little epilogue and could have been done in about five minutes. however, not showing a connection between danton's death and the fall of the government is an odd thing to omit.french cinema had always been very strong when comes the time to present historical subjects. 95 % of the time, they never make errors. this film is of one of the best of the genre, due to very very strong acting by depardieu and pszoniak. wajda work, as the director, is truly a wonder. everyone should see this great film.set in the 1794, the second year of the french republic formed after the execution of louis xvi, this film portrays the power struggle between the revolutionary leaders danton (gerard depardieu, at his finest) and robespierre (a commanding performance by the polish actor wojciech pszoniak). the moderate revolutionary danton has returned to paris from his country seat where he has been since being deposed as leader of the committee of public safety in the previous year by robespierre. he is opposed to "the reign of terror" which has resulted in the executions of thousands of citizens, mainly by guillotine, who are thought to be opposed to the revolution. danton is confident of the support of the ordinary people and tries to persuade robespierre to curb the bloodletting. but robespierre and the committee are afraid that the popularity of danton will lead to them being overthrown, and put danton and his supporters on trial for being traitors. this was the first french language film made by andrzej wajda after he had arrived in france from poland. his polish film company was closed down by the government due to his support for the solidarity trade union, which had opposed the polish government in the late seventies and early eighties. his previous film "man of iron" (1981) had dealt with the solidarity union and its leader lech walesa, and it is easy to draw comparisons between the relationship of walesa and the polish leader general jaruselski, and that between danton and robespierre. danton/walesa are the voice of reason opposed to robespierre/jaruselski who continue dictatorial rule despite having lost the support of the people they claim to represent. the film is based on the polish play "the danton affair" written by stanislawa przybyszewska in the 1930s, and on its release the film was criticised by some for being static and theatrical. but what the film does is to concentrate on the behind-the-scenes meetings of the committees and the scenes in the national assembly and the courtroom rather than the activities on the streets of paris.the movie takes place during the year 1940 and the french are about to loose the war.<br /><br />the movie includes all genres: comedy, romantic, murder and history. it is probable the historical part may be not as probable as the rest.<br /><br />it is not, however, a big laugh movie but the occasional large smile![minor spoilers follow]<br /><br />steve allen opined that topical humor about serious events might be found by many to be acceptable based on the formula: tragedy+time=comedy. 1939 before the german assault on poland was hardly a fun period and subsequent events, including the blitzkrieg (following the sitzkrieg) which took germany to the channel, resulted in the heroic evacuation at dunkirk and gave the world the sickening spectacle of a supine france prostrating its honor before the nazi conqueror.<br /><br />the stuff of romance, comedy and a big dollop of serious drama? yep. director jean-paul rappeneau, with a well-matched and outstanding cast, creates in "bon voyage" a pastiche of events and scenes from history and from imagination that is hugely entertaining.<br /><br />viviane denvers (the sloe-eyed and beautiful isabelle adjani) is france's top actress as war clouds gather over europe (what an overused cliche, sorry). a veteran self-venerating bedhopper with many affairs to her credit, her inner motivation seems to be "whatever is good for viviane is good for...viviane). following a premiere of her latest film after which a minister in the incompetent reynaud administration, jean-etienne beaufort (gerard depardieu in an unusual role for him), signals his interest in her, she goes home only to tiredly encounter an ex-lover who doesn't understand the word "no." she decisively resolves that issue but then frantically and histrionically enlists another former beau, the still besotted frederic (gregory derangere), to help deal with the mess in her flat. frederic is a novelist-in-expectation.<br /><br />a comic accident that once again highlights, almost as a public service message, the importance of working windshield wipers puts frederic in jail on most serious charges. fortunately the breakout of the germans from their static positions forces a wholesale transfer of prisoners to the south of france but our boy escapes, making his way there privately rather than as a ward of the state.<br /><br />the panic and fear in france as the germans swept to victory is well portrayed and a new twist enters the story. who should frederic encounter but the truly gorgeous young research assistant, camille (virginie ledoyen) who is accompanying the obligatory jewish refugee scientist, professor kopolski (jean-marc stehle). kopolski has some bottles of "heavy water" he needs to get to england. of course the germans musn't latch on to this vital ingredient for you know what (this part is pure fiction-there was never any heavy water in france in 1940-just perrier). and camille is so winsome as well as dedicated.<br /><br />what next? peter coyote as a supposed french journalist, alex winckler. be tipped off as to his name. he's really an officer in the abwehr (german military intelligence: a spy). and he used to bed viviane too (and wants a reprise of their affair). apparently the kind kopolski is the only major male character who doesn't want to have it off with the actress.<br /><br />what follows is a series of adventures and mishaps that are seamlessly integrated to produce a very fast-paced and enjoyable film. partly a tribute to and a bit of a spoof on "casablanca," this is is a remarkably funny movie (except for the heavy nazi bits).<br /><br />isabelle adjani deserves kudos for the best portrayal i've seen in years of an adorably cute total narcissist with few if any redeeming features. and depardieu, disloyal to reynauld and ready to jump ship and join the traitor, petain, is convincing as a man whose ardor for viviane exceeds his diluted sense of duty to the republic. as a human being in power at a critical moment in french history, beaufort is mundanely vile.<br /><br />not shown in too many theaters, "bon voyage" should be available for purchase or rental soon. see it!<br /><br />9/10a terrific, fast-paced screwball-like comic strip/drama/farce set against france's 1939 implosion. played with wide-eyed, straight-faced intensity by a talented cast and chockablock with action, satire, social commentary and authentic period details, from slick brillantined hairdos and marcelled hairdos to a fleet of citroen "tractions," a rollicking soundtrack and brief but credible impersonations of charles de gaulle and marshal petain. <br /><br />it's simply some of the best entertainment recently shown on screen, devoid of presumption and "message." if movies were trains (and there is a creative recreation of a trip on a steam-driven train that works despite there being no steam locomotive --an expensive prop, no doubt) this would be a tgv.bon voyage is fun for the audience because it combines the requisite silliness of a comedy with just enough sobriety to keep viewers actively engaged and invested in the outcome. most importantly though, the film is also historically instructive; it captures the tension of the so-called "phony war" and, later, the french aristocracy's flight from paris ahead of the german onslaught. yet bon voyage is not a "war movie." it is a comedy about the lives of a handful of people set against the backdrop of extraordinary times. bon voyage conveys the chaos, confusion, and emotional bewilderment of a nation of the brink of collapse and the wide spectrum of french reactions to the new political order. this film is a comedy which entertains the audience, a romance which skillfully utilizes many clichã©s, and a story of a handful of people whose nation is collapsing around them.i found this dvd in the library and based on the jacket notes, it looked like it might possibly be interesting: a black comedy set in 1940 france, just as the germans are marching in. ("boy, that should have them rolling in the aislesâ?") but it does! this is a clever, original, suspenseful and funny film. i don't recall seeing anything like it before â? foreign or u.s. that the writer/director can find humor when we know part of the outcome (the germans will occupy france for four years) is remarkable. that he does it with such charm is part of the delight. what starts off as black comedy and fluff even ends up having a couple of serious moments â? including a race to spirit out a cache of "heavy water" (which was part of the preliminary research for the a-bomb) and a quick history 101 intro to the beginnings of the collaborationist vichy government that would govern southern france for much of the german occupation.* but don't let any of that that scare you off: the movie itself is funny, charming and romantic and races ahead at steady clip.<br /><br />one of the best things about it is the combination of actors we've seen many times (adjani and depardieu) and others we've never heard of before. along the way, there are two star-making turns: virginie leydoyen and grã©gori derangã¨re. both are impressive, but mr. derangã¨re is especially so. according to imdb, he was in ten films before this one â? but he also won the cesar as "most promising actor" for this role, so apparently he was not all that well known even in france. he is a combination of romantic lead and comic actor â? and he makes it all seem so effortless. you may be reminded of cary grant in "bringing up baby" and "arsenic and old lace" â? it's hard to do comedy on film because the risks are enormous that the actor can come off looking inept. but grant pulled it off charmingly, and this guy does also. i should think we're going to hear more about him in the future.<br /><br />to be sure, this film won't please everyone â? there's a little bit of violence, although nothing you don't see on tv every day. but if you're up for something original, you may feel after you've seen this that you've unearthed a cinematic gem.<br /><br />* the so-called "spoiler" in this comment.i saw bon voyage 2 days ago and i found it an excellent production. the film is supposed to entertain, and it does! it emulates the style of the american screwball comedies of the 30s, but von voyage is more refined. adjani and depardieu are simply excellent in their roles. the plot is simple. the film starts with people involved in many situations that, apparently, should have nothing to do between them. it is very funny how those situations become linked during the film. it is good to see a french film with this kind of sense of humor. i find it, principally, a film in which love is the main theme. peter coyote as the german spy in france shows once more to be an excellent actor, too.first, a word of caution. the dvd box describes this film as a comedy. i don't think that was the intention of anyone connected with the film other than some marketing morons. while light and a little bit funny in places, it is not a comedy and if you expect that you will be disappointed.<br /><br />i had never even heard of this film and had absolutely no expectations one way or the other. considering that the other two dvds i picked up were big disappointments, i was so happy when i saw this film. the acting, writing and direction were excellent. the story itself definitely interested me, as you don't usually see films about the final month of france before the nazi takeover in 1940. it gave some insight into the parasites that gave up so quickly and agreed to partitioning their beloved country. along the way, there are plots involving a selfish and weak actress played very well by isabelle adjani--who looks marvelous after all these years. she kills an ex-lover and then finds a poor sap to take the fall. this sap escapes from prison and finds her--with another lover--a high government official and weasel played by gerard depardieu. in addition, a subplot about a jewish physicist trying to smuggle deuterium out of the country is introduced and eventually this becomes the main plot. the story has a lot of nice twists and turns, a light sense of humor (without trying to be a comedy) and some genuine suspenseful moments. together, they create a nice package this is sure to please.over the years i seemed to have missed this picture of ronald reagan, and due to his recent passing to the big screen in heaven, it was shown on tv recently. this is a great low budget b&w film of the late 1930's, however, it is very interesting to see how criminals used their talents to steal money from insurance companies with false claims during this particular time frame. i was surprised at the role ronald reagan,(eric gregg),"the killer's,'64, played in this picture, along with a great veteran film star, sheila bromley,(nona gregg),"nightmare circus",'73, who was a great supporting actor. it was a great film that showed ronald reagan as a very young man reaching for the stars in his career in hollywood at the time. god bless him !i think that the costumes were excellent, and the hairdressers also performed well. it has the very authentic feeling for that period of time.<br /><br />i don't know if it was the computer magic or if it was real. some of the big scenes have hundreds of extras in the background. i was especially impressed with the scene of that bridge.<br /><br />the main character the actress also performed well, she showed us a nervous, witty woman who knows how to use herself to seduce men to get what she wants.<br /><br />some of the scenes were hilarious. even though it was about 2 hours long, but it was never boring. a very good entertaining movie.was in the mood for a french film and saw this at blockbuster. what a little gem it turned out to be! not sure how i missed gregori derangere all these years, but he is fantastic. such innocence and grace! i love his face and the way he moves. isabelle adjani was hilarious--reminded me of nicole kidman's over-the-top performance in moulin rouge. she looks the same as 20 years ago...truly remarkable. gerard depardieu has not held up nearly as well, but his acting continues to amaze. he's perfect in this film. will probably buy this one, i enjoyed it so much. if you want to see another great french movie, rent joyeux noel. stunning.even if it won't give one more than previous posts here (like ruby liang's very good one) i wanted to share my own point of view. hope my english is understandable.<br /><br />bon voyage is a rhythmic, light but deep presentation of the french unorganized come-down, but also courage and charm. all along in a brilliantly reconstituted 1940 france with many details (from bordeaux luxurious hotel occupied by government hq and attacked by useless high class french, to parisian coffees near le pantheon / rue mouffetard and 1930s cars) gã©rard depardieu and yvan attal give their second roles a brilliant taste;) isabelle adjani and virgnie ledoyen are very credible in their drastically different roles, and grã©gori derangã¨re makes an bewitching performance:)<br /><br />much lighter than average (e.g. american) war times movies, and focused on the civilians, bon voyage shows a lot of things about french issues (even to a french guy like me), some of them quite deep.one comment said it wasn't a comedy...mistake! it was a delightful comedy of a period of history that doesn't lend itself easily to that genre. very busy...and active film from beginning to end. often the shots out the window of the train, or car, were just beautiful. an enjoyable way to spend a couple of hours in a theater. all the french historical figures, like charles de gaulle and petain and the some of the people involved in the french resistance were included in the script, which might send those who are unfamiliar with the collapse of france under the german invasion might want to research. the characters were engaging and the actors portraying them were excellent. recommend it, 9 out of 10.more and more french cinema demonstrates that's the only one able to confront hollywood's, and to spend high amounts on money in their movies. if bon voyage had been made in the usa no one would be surprised. perfectly set in france, in the 40's, when the nazi invasion, technically irreproachable, and with some of the most international french actors (depardieu, adjani, ledoyen...). bon voyage centerers on two parallel stories: an scientific and his disciple (ledoyen) who tries to hide one of his discoveries (a kind of water that may work as an atomic bomb) from the nazis; and a poor guy in love with a well known actress (adjani), which ends up in prison accused of a crime he's not committed in order to protect her. <br /><br />bon voyage seems to have been made in the old style, without unnecessary camera movements and effects. without big turns in the plot. as i said before, regarding to the production itself they've made a great job. but the main problem with this movie is about the script. is it a spy-movie? a romantic comedy? a spy comedy? a comedy of intrigue? it's not clear. that makes bon voyage a little unbalanced. when you think you're watching a comedy, suddenly changes to another story-line, a more dramatic one, more slow... i think they should've focused in one of the lines of argument (the one about the spy plot) and left the romantic parts in the background.<br /><br />my rate: 6.5/10an interesting pairing of stories, this little flick manages to bring together seemingly different characters and story lines all in the backdrop of wwii and succeeds in tying them together without losing the audience. i was impressed by the depth portrayed by the different characters and also by how much i really felt i understood them and their motivations, even though the time spent on the development of each character was very limited. the outstanding acting abilities of the individuals involved with this picture are easily noted. a fun, stylized movie with a slew of comic moments and a bunch more head shaking events.<br /><br />7/10when i went to see bon voyage, i expected a good, skillful multidrama on the order of grand hotel (1932) and les enfants de paradis (1944). it was better than that. with few exceptions, none of the characters were totally good or totally evil--just as in real life. the acting was wonderful, especially those who played frã©dã©ric, raoul, and camille. the photography was amazing, as it recreated the period perfectly and managed to be shot in/around bordeaux during a time of new public works but managed the "look" of june 1940. costumes and make-up were accurate. there is so much in this movie that it's worth a second viewing. it's exciting, funny, and, ultimately, touching. n.b.--be sure to see it in a theatre with good quality projection. it's in wide-screen, and in the theater where i saw it (the clairmont in montclair) the first 30 minutes had the subtitles at the bottom in focus but the actors' faces slightly fuzzy! this was ultimately corrected but detracted from the pleasure of the film.on its surface, this is one of the most classically entertaining action/comedy/romance films i've seen in a long time, reminding me of pleasurable old "saturday-afternoon" movies that had just the right balance of unexpected twists, well-timed humor and integrated action. beyond this, though, there is our knowledge of this film's context. it has the same elements of "casablanca," but is set just before many of the characters would truly understand the seriousness of what was happening to their country (and the world) and the consequences of some of their own behavior. this adds a strong note of irony to the humor (we sense that one of the female characters has a radical change of hairstyle in her future). this is a film that you will not regret watching."bon voyage" has the fast pace that in some ways reminds me of the indiana jones/star wars films -- it's as if you're on a fast train or roller coaster.<br /><br />it's billed as a romance, mystery, thriller, and farce; it's all of that and more including candid observations on the reactions of french society during the nazi invasion at the start of wwii. and it's also an exhibition of juggling that involves 7 main characters. the scenes all seemed historically accurate (to my eyes) and gave an excellent feeling for the period.<br /><br />all of the actors were well cast and gave great performances but imo the most superb was that by isabelle adjani who played the role of an opportunistic, self-centered french movie star; not only did she quite convincingly play the role of a young actress perhaps half her age but she also played her amorous wiles convincingly yet in such a way that the audience sees she's only half serious and more complex as a person than just a gold digger. her character and energy propel the film through from beginning to end. it wasn't until i read roger ebert's review that i discovered she was 48 years old at the time of the film. what beauty!!<br /><br />i appreciated the ending -- it's satisfying but lets you write your own conclusion as to what happens to the main characters. <br /><br />as another user commenter observed -- do not arrive late; you need to be there from the opening scene. good advice.<br /><br />i gave it 9 of 10.director and auteur jean-pierre rappenau was 8 years old during the spring of 1940 as france's third republic disintegrated in a matter of a few weeks. it was a time, he says, when "all the adults were a little bit insane." he and the production staff have lovingly and meticulously recreated that world in a film where all the characters are essentially fictional. the structure, a classic farce, is ideal for the period as multiple plot lines zip and intersect only to come together in a logical, satisfying conclusion. the peg for this plot is frederic, played by brilliant newcomer gregory derangere, who is fully up to playing opposite adjani, depardieu and ledoyen. the real strength of the film is in its supporting performances. m. rappeneau has cast the film exquisitely with actors who volunteered ideas for both action and dialogue and who know and prove that it is possible to fully realize a character with just two short sentences of dialogue. though not yet as widely influential as renoir's 'rules of the game,' 'bon voyage' richly deserves to be a companion piece to that classic. though it demands a lot of the audience, it gives much back. one of its demands is tolerance for a certain coyness and misdirection as to the exact genre we are watching: a crime melodrama, no, a spy thriller, ah, a romantic comedy. recommend it to cinemaphile friends. just be sure to let them discover for themselves that it is a romantic comedy.it would seem a given, but if a viewer forgets context, he risks missing an opportunity of enjoyment.<br /><br />it is easy to carp, from the lofty heights of the 21st century, at styles and prices of the great depression years; but the intelligent viewer will remember that magic word, "context," and better understand and, thus, enjoy "accidents will happen." <br /><br />among the actors, ronald reagan again showed himself a good-looking and personable guy, and again gave a right-on performance.<br /><br />a reviewer earlier said gloria blondell played the nasty wife, but that was wrong: she plays the concession-stand clerk who has a crush on the reagan character, eric gregg, but keeps hands off as long as he is married.<br /><br />gloria was cute. not as lushly beautiful as her sister, joan, she was still attractive and a good actress. perhaps her looking somewhat like joan was a detriment to having a more successful career, and it is certainly our loss.<br /><br />sheila bromley was mrs. gregg, and played it well.<br /><br />other actors included dick purcell, and the great earl dwire got to play something besides a villainous cowboy.<br /><br />again, most of the players never attained the "household-name" status many of them deserved, but they by gosh gave good performances here, in a story that is still current.in paris, a few months before the nazi invasion, the manipulative actress viviane denvers (isabelle adjani) uses her former sweetheart frã©dã©ric auger (grã©gori derã ngere) to hide the body of a man killed by her. frã©dã©ric hits the car, the dead man is found and he is sent to prison. when the germans invade france, frã©dã©ric escapes with another prisoner, raoul (yvan attal), and they become friends. in the runaway to bordeaux, they meet in the train camille (virginie ledoyen), the young assistant of the physicist professeur kopolski (jean-marc stehlã©), who is trying to leave france with his research of heavy water. once in bordeaux, the group meets viviane with her new lover, the minister of state jean-ã?tienne beaufort (gã©rard depardieu), and is chased by a german spy, the journalist alex winckler (peter coyote), while paris is falling and the population is confused. <br /><br />what a delightful and magnificent romantic adventure "bon voyage" is! the excellent and complex screenplay has action, romance, war, comedy, espionage, drama and lots of characters, played by a fantastic cast, indeed a constellation of stars; the direction is stunning; the music score is wonderful. i really loved this marvelous film, and i have to finish my review due to my limitation of adjectives to describe such a gem. my vote is nine.<br /><br />title (brazil): "viagem do coraã§ã£o" ("travel of the heart")it's wartime drama - wwii, with french and jews and germans, but this one is somehow fun, earnestly so. director jean-paul rappeneau co-wrote the script to his well-received film "bon voyage" (2003). unlike director bertrand tavernier's "safe conduct" aka "laissez-passer" (2002), w-d rolf schubel's "gloomy sunday" (1999), or w-d claude berri's "lucie aubrac" (1997), "bon voyage" is as chipper as its title sounds - c'est la vie (whatever) - and we have the beautiful talented isabelle adjani to thank for. it is her delightful performance throughout as the center of attraction (and attention), the cause and effect of it all, that made the film so enjoyable as it is. hell, what's another derailment of her plan and expectations - will worry about that another time. the backbone of the story does revolve around a pair of young enthusiasts: grã©gori derangã¨re as frã©dã©ric and virginie ledoyen (from francois ozon's "8 women") as camille. the incomparable gã©rard depardieu, the witty yvan attal (of "my wife is an actress") and versatile peter coyote (juggling french, english and german here) are some of the stellar cast involved. <br /><br />there are many characters coming and going in this plot of a movie, and how it's all juggled is a skilful knack that requires no analysis - rappeneau is simply a genius. the story just builds upon itself, one episode after another, or even with overlapping events, but never confusing - that's the delight of it all, somehow every detail turns out right on the screen and we just lap it all up like a tastily presented french dessert, literally so. there's thrills, trills, tender hesitant moments and taut ominous escapes, all playing out in front of our eyes. <br /><br /> from reading the director's note on the sony pictures classics' bon voyage official site, rappeneau indicated this is his most personal and successful work ever. depicting bordeaux 1940 from memories of his childhood years is very much close to his heart and he "had worked and reworked the script for almost 3 years." this film is a labor of love all round, the cast and crew complementing the director's passion and a formidable script by collaborative writers along with the director and his son julien - adaptation efforts by gilles marchand, patrick modiano, and jã©rã´me tonnerre.<br /><br />music by gabriel yared (varied in tone from his previous film scores like "the english patient" or "talented mr. ripley"), who provided a befitting theme that kept the pace and rhythm of the plot going - almost like a train going non-stop, reflecting adjani's viviane's vivacious energy (even when she's tired), keeping her going as she meets whatever comes, walking on with head held high and stylish attire always, no looking back, let alone time for regrets. <br /><br />ah, mustn't forget the wonderfully translated, skilful subtitles by ian burley, who also did subtitles for films in italian: "bread and tulips" (2000) aka pane e tulipani, "the last kiss" (2001) aka l'ultimo bacio, and tom tykwer's "heaven" (2002).<br /><br />if you find this much too light a wartime relationship drama, try w-d mã¤x fã¤berbã¶ck's "aimã©e and jaguar" (1999, in german, based on a true story) with brilliant performances from juliane kã¶hler as aimã©e and maria schrader as jaguar.this movie travels farther on 8 gunshots, 2 kisses and 100 clichã©s than should be possible. yet it still works. brilliant.<br /><br />as i was driving home from the theater, i tried to figure out how it got away with movie staples like the pages of a novel manuscript blowing across a beach or the impossible series of fortuitous coincidences without the entire audience standing up and screaming, "i've seen that a million times before! and you've pushed beyond the edge of believability!" but the actors were so enchanting and the screen so filled with believable extras that i forgot to care. a friend who saw it with me said it transported him to paris so perfectly that he was disappointed when we left the theater and realized we were still in indiana.<br /><br />overall, a romantic-comedy-thriller with subtlety, wit and elan.giant robot was the most popular japanese tv serial ever seen on indian tv. it was targeted to children and we saw a robot for the first time in our life. <br /><br />many indian children must have even seen a machine for the first time outside the school textbooks. <br /><br />the serial also showed a child in an adults organization fighting evil. no doubt, many of us who have seen giant robot in our childhood long for our own robots and as a stopgap arrangement look upon our computers in the same way. <br /><br />this show also portrayed ideal adults, (referring at jerry, johnny's buddy friend and unicorn chief azuma). we grew to respect japanese progress and still view japan as the ideal asian nation.<br /><br />btw, at that time, there were no satellite tv channels in india and the govt owned broadcaster did not show much of disney cartoons. i guess that was how child serials like giant robot got appreciated. nowadays there is pokemon etc but they are no so fascinating or alluring as giant robot.i have noticed that people have asked if anyone has this show. i have all 26 episodes that aired in the u.s. and will be willing to share these with anyone interested. all i require is that you supply the vhs tapes or blank dvd's i have them on both formats and pay for shipping. my email is creator67@pipinternet.net, just send me an email and your request and i will notify you and we can make the arrangements. the quality is very good and they are very enjoyable to watch especially if you have not been able to see them since they aired in the 60's. it was one of my favorite shows as a child and hold a very special place in my heart because it brings back a lot of memories of my childhood as well as other shows like ultraman and astroboy.<br /><br />peteri'm doing a thesis on blurring the boundaries: the female cross dresser and am using tipping the velvet the book as my main text, any comments on gender and sexual identity, gender and sexual confusion, gender as a performance, gender as a fiction, gender imagery, cross-dressing as an erotic fantasy and as revolution, the effect of the male costume etc etc would be much appreciated! but a bit off the point has anyone seen sergio toledo's 1987 film vera? its about a young lesbian possibly transsexual cross dresser..i'm dying to see it because i think it'd be really helpful...does anyone know where i might get a copy of it? i've tried amazon and a few other sites but no luck...this was recommended to me by a friend that said it was cute and cuddly for a "lesbian sexuality flick". boy was he wrong. i guess he just didn't get it. growing up not understanding and then discovering yourself thru trial and tribulation is more like it.<br /><br />the characters are full and vibrant and the story has enough fun thrown in thru the theater performances to keep anyone interested.<br /><br />rachael stirling as "nan" goes thru so many tries at finding the love she desires only to find it was the one person she was scared to reveal all too, and ran out on. johdi may as "flo" was remarkable. spent a couple hours trying to recall where i've seen her before, only to discover she was the quiet sister "alice" in "last of the mohicans" luckily,i was raised in a liberal family and had no issues with trying a movie like this. so many people are missing out on flicks like this. i'm glad i took my friend's advise and tried it. but, i'm sure i enjoyed it more the he.i have to say it is a sign that this film appeals to all ages if somebody by right should be shielding themselves away from anything remotely homosexual absolutely loves this thing.<br /><br />i thought every last bit of this film was amazing and the casting was superb, but i have to say anna chancellor...where have you been all my life.<br /><br />having previously seen anna in several other things i was completely blown away by how magnificent she was.<br /><br />diana letherby may not be the most lovable of the characters but she could certainly take me home if she fancied...this drama apparently caused a bit of a stir six years ago when it debuted on television - not taking in much tv news myself, it passed under the radar; but after having seen it, i'm not surprised that it did cause a stir. not particularly because of the content (although it is a bit more 'offbeat' than the usual tv fodder) - it has more to do with the reactionary media in this country. anyway, this three part series is based on a book by sarah waters and puts its main focus on lesbians - although the plot also has room to explore some other 'dark' sides of sexuality. our main character is an oyster girl named nan (short for nancy) from winchester. she is bewitched by female to male drag performer kitty butler after seeing her at a theatre show and soon begins attending all of her shows - eventually catching the eye of the performer and becoming her dresser. it's not long before kitty is offered a chance to play on bigger stages in london and having become good friends with nan, she invites her along for the ride. the act gets bigger when nan takes to the stage also and the pair becomes a stage duo...but kitty breaks nan's heart, leading her into an odyssey within london's seedy underbelly.<br /><br />i must admit that my dvd collection contains no shortage of sleazy and sordid films so there wasn't anything in this one that was enough to shock me. despite being rather jaded to it, i have to say that i'm still surprised at anyone who says this film went too far; naturally there is some lesbian sex and other stuff, but it's never exploitative or overused and the film really couldn't have been made without it. the main focus is always on the story; and the story is really well done. the film is almost three hours long in total, but if anything that isn't long enough to get everything across. sarah waters is obviously an inventive writer, and the film remains interesting for the duration. the acting is solid as you would expect, but i must admit that i found lead actress rachael stirling awkward and hard to get on with at first; although she grows into her role well as the film progresses. the execution is a little bit of a problem and director geoffrey sax is a bit too gimmicky for my liking. the story does get a little bit sappy towards the end also, which is a shame because this film is at it's strongest during the dark moments (episode 2 being the high point of three for me). there's not really a defined point to the film - or at least not one that i could see. that's not important as far as i'm concerned; however, as tipping the velvet tells a good story and more than surpassed my expectations. worth checking out, for people that like this sort of stuff.this is a superb tv series, it's sympathetic and for once realistic! portrayal of lesbian women is delicately handled and well done. on top of that the directing is wonderful and the settings sumptuous and rich, a real treat. if you missed the first one i advise you watch next weeks, 9pm, bbc 2once again i must play something of the contrarian. most of the reviews for ab tak chappan have been extremely positive. mine is positive, but only slightly. a 7 out of 10 is equivalent to a "c" letter grade from me.<br /><br />it seems that a lot of the praise is rooted in two factors: one, that ab tak chappan is more realistic than the typical bollywood film, and two, that it is trying to do things differently.<br /><br />the first point i couldn't care less about. i'm not looking for realism in films, and so i do not score higher for a film that shows a story and characters closer to how i believe the real world to be--i'm a big fan of surrealism, fantasy, absurdism, and so on, although i do not dislike realist films merely for the fact that they're realist.<br /><br />for the second point, i agree that it is commendable to try to do things differently. however, i don't think "originality" versus formulaicism makes for a better or worse film in itself. a film can be "original" and poor, just like a film can be formulaic and excellent. what matters are how well the film does whatever it sets out to do and how enjoyable or aesthetically rewarding that is to the viewer.<br /><br />ab tak chappan is based on the true story of a mumbai cop named daya naik. naik was an "encounter specialist". encounter specialists, who could be said to be early instantiations of real world "judge dredds", are trained to operate like the criminals and gang members they pursue, and they're basically given a license to kill--effectively acting as policeman, judge, jury and executioner in a matter of moments. ab tak chappan follows the story of sadhu agashe (nana patekar), the encounter specialist based on naik. we see him at work, interacting with his fellow encounter specialists and engaging in violence. we see him at home, trying to live a normal life in his less-than-luxurious surroundings. we see him trying to adjust to a new "commissioner" halfway through the film. and we see his odd relationship with a notorious indian gangster, don zameer zafar (prasad purandhare).<br /><br />all of this has the potential to make a fabulous, gritty film. i agree that it's nice to forgo the typical bollywood musical numbers and romances--not every film needs that stuff; ab tak chappan producer ram gopal varma is famous for leaving music and romances in the background or by the wayside in many films that he's directed or produced. additionally, ab tak chappan has some good performances--patekar almost gives off a death wish (1974)-era charles bronson vibe. it also has admirable cinematography--the hand-held stuff near the beginning of the film was particularly effective, for example. it has a great score that mixes more of a moody hollywood-sounding action/crime score with traditional indian instruments and modalities. the violence is well done and gritty.<br /><br />there is also decent exploration of subtexts, including the morality of (having) encounter specialists, the idea of following orders, and so on. the encounter specialists are shown having to largely divorce themselves from ideas of right and wrong. more poignantly, the film questions the merit of blindly following orders. parallels are drawn between the encounter specialists following orders and, say, members of a country's military, and we're shown what a corrupt situation this can lead to.<br /><br />but (you just knew there was a "but" coming, didn't you?) director shimit amin and his scriptwriters have created a story with far too many characters, far too much sprawl, and that moves a bit too slow. all of these problems may be due to amin and crew looking at the godfather films, which ab tak chappan has some (at least superficial) resemblances to, although from a policeman's perspective.<br /><br />most of the encounter specialists we do not get to know very well--these are shallowly drawn characters to say the least, except for agashe and jatin shukla (nakul vaid). for one, narayan, i didn't know who he was until at least halfway through the film. his name is mentioned a number of times, but i'd only get glimpses of him until the scene would change. then everyone would change clothes by the time they appear again and i'd have to start all over figuring out who narayan was.<br /><br />the same thing happened with agashe's first commissioner. the film was already far into the new commissioner before i could figure out the relationships. it seems like there are new characters in every scene. we never learn the stories of most of them. while that might have some artistic merit in that the encounter specialists are mostly killing people they do not know anything about (because they're mostly doing so on orders), since we do not learn much about most of the encounter specialists, either, it's difficult to find characters to care about, and that doesn't exactly make for a gripping film.<br /><br />the primary villain is zameer. but until about halfway through the film, there's no indication of this. he doesn't get much more screen time than the other villains parading through the film, and he's literally "phoning his performance in"--he's in another location (dubai), communicating only by telephone for the majority of the film. we don't actually see zameer doing much. to an extent, the film depends on a couple "twists" that necessitate not showing zameer doing a number of things, but we could see him do other things, and a lot of the other villains could have been left out.<br /><br />that would have tightened up the film a bit, making it more focused and about a half-hour shorter, both of which would have benefited its impact. this is not an action-packed film by any means. for at least the first 45 minutes or so, i found myself admiring ab tak chappan's considerable style, but saying, "okay, get on with the story already".so far only the first episode has been shown, and a great fuss has been made about the lesbian sex scenes. but for those who bother to look past that they will find an incredibly beautiful love story and one that has in this episode ended in an upsetting climax/cliffhanger. i have found the story so powerful that i have been inspired to read the novel on which this fantastic series has been based.the andrew davies adaptation of the sarah waters' novel was excellent. the characters of nan and and kitty were superbly portrayed by rachael stirling and kelley hawes respectively. the whole series was a total joy to watch. it caught the imagination of everyone across the board, whether straight or gay. i wish there could be a sequel!this is one of the best lesbian films i have ever seen! this series brought joy and sadness of true love. being set in the 1800's was an amazing look at lesbian lives and desires of lesbian women. the cast was beyond expectation! rachael stirling is an amazing actress, i have never seen her other works but her portrayal of nan made me connect with her feeling her heartache and pains and love. the one thing i feel most important is connecting with the characters in anything i watch. if anyone has doubts on seeing this film...think twice! this is a must see series. well done again to bbc! we need more lesbian films that portrays real love and hurts, like this one. living in canada i had this dvd imported and i am so thrilled to have purchased it.the bbc surpassed themselves with the boundaries they crossed with tipping the velvet. in the past they've been 'daring' with dennis potter's works but this mini-series (as it was screened in the uk) is superb. andrew davies work is top notch - i've not read the sarah water's novel but i can imagine he's done it real justice. i comment on the bawdiness - most men have watched it for that - proved to be a main talking and selling point when originally advertised. the fact is, it portays the lesbian side of society in the 1800s - a time when most thought it was old men and rent boys - well it was - lesbianism took place mainly behind closed and often respectable doors.<br /><br />you can also look at tipping the velvet as a 'love story' - it actually is - as well as 'self discovery' that many gay/bi and straight people go through and comments on this occur and repeat all the time.<br /><br />if you've not seen it yet - either repeated on tv or on dvd - get it - you'll be in for a treat - and even the production and filming of it is perfect. just try to hide your blushes in parts - like i said - 'bawdy' is the order of the day - and beware a 'phallus' or two!<br /><br />enjoy!this was one of the most emotional movies i have seen. passion, pleasure, pain, despair, sorrow, healing, cleansing and love.<br /><br />the entire movie was spellbinding. everything was done so well; the adaptation from the book, the actors, the sets, the camera shots.<br /><br />this movie touched me deeply in so many ways. it reminded me of the despair that loosing your love can have, and the time it takes to heal that wound. you may love again, but will always be risking the pain that comes with separation. <br /><br />is this not one of the most important age-old questions?<br /><br />"is it better to have love and lost? <br /><br />than to never have loved before?" <br /><br />-ascensionover the weekend i watched the movie tipping the velvet and if i was to have to score this movie out of 100 i would have to give it 100 no question asked. i am a true believer in true love and this movie moved me in alot of different ways and the actors fit the parts without a doult. but i have to say that the ending was not so great for i did not see that spark in nancys eyes when ever she looked into flo's eyes, as her eyes sparked each time she looked at kitty, kitty only had to be in the room or in nancy's thought and nancy would just glow fron that spark. kitty told nancy that she could not find her and that she looked for her, but could not find her. kitty was ready to give it all up to get nancy back. in kitty's eyes you could see kitty's pain. i believe that nancy should have let kitty see that thier love is true and strong and that she would not let her go that easy. you need to make a part two and have the two make it together, but you must not let anyone else play the roles it has to be the real kitty & nancy or it'll never work. my mother once told me that true love is just not real. i am no fool i know that we all have a true love out someplace just waiting for each of us and i believe with my life that nancy's true love really is only kitty and kitty's true love is only nancy. come on lets play the game the right way, the only way. let nancy's eyes shine again.... kitty lost her everything, by losing nancy. and kitty is not to be the only one to blame. i am gay myself and being gay is not easy!! wake up!!! in 1889 i'd not want to be gay, kitty was lost deep inside herself and in 1889 maybe the right thing to do was to be married to a man. even though you love a woman. kitty needed nancy to stand up to her needed nancy to fight for her. myself i remember how deeply i loved this girl and i let her get away because i thought i was doing something wrong and i went back to my ex-boyfriend. i thought i was doing the right thing, but i know i was wrong to let go of her and i will pay for the rest of my days,for like kitty i could not find her anyplace. i heard that she is married to a man in the u.s.a someplace. i even heard that he beats her. i guess in the end we both lose. give the two girls one more chance life can be very lonely if you are not true to you and your loved one.<br /><br />thank you, kristen annthe andrew davies adaptation of the sarah waters' novel was excellent. the characters of nan and and kitty were superbly portrayed by rachael stirling and kelley hawes respectively. the whole series was a total joy to watch. it caught the imagination of everyone across the board, whether straight or gay. i wish there could be a sequel!both the book and the film are excellent in their own right. they do differ slightly but that enhances and not detracts from what is an excellent script and acting. the historical atmosphere, the young girl looking for love, the amazing background of music hall and the voyage into the lesbian world of london early twentieth century make this an exceptional movie. andrew davies as the scriptwriter excels himself as he writes this lesbian love story with such sensitivity. rachael sterling and keeley hawes are both excellent actresses and give these parts their best. the rest of the cast are very good. if there was higher than 10 out of 10 i would give it!this bbc series is astonishingly good fun. i'd only seen a few minutes before i knew i had to own it and watch it again with all my friends. i wouldn't recommend this to anyone prudish, but almost anyone else is going to enjoy it--from the cinema snob to the entertainment-hungry masses. the lead character is a lesbian, but it's still worth watching if that's not your thing.<br /><br />rachael stirling is incredible in a lead role that stretches her into a dazzling assortment of emotions and situations, some of a bizarre nature. no one who saw this series would ever say she can't act. she makes us laugh, cry, get turned on and slap our foreheads in amazement.<br /><br />you can't really compare this story to anything else. it's not a rehash of style or plot. it's entirely it's own beastâ?part comedy, historical drama, erotica, coming-of-age tale, musical and more.<br /><br />gotta praise the bbc for making this story. i can't imagine anyone in the (overly prudish and formulaic) u.s. ever doing it. so, stop reading about it and go buy it.when i rented this movie, i half expected it to be a low budget, plot less indy film, but thought i'd give it a try. i started watching part 1 and couldn't pull myself away till it ended 3 hours later. it was by far one of my absolute favorite films of all time. from the writing to the directing to the performances, i was laughing, crying, and singing all the way through nan astley's rite of passage from innocence to adulthood. rachael stirling is phenomenal in this film. i had never heard of her before, but now i will forever remember the vulnerability and strength i felt in her performance. she, keeley hawes, and jodhi may are incredible as they guide you through the emotional turmoils that most feel as they deal with an alternate form of sexuality. the fact that the film is set in the 1890's not only educates the audience about homosexuality in that time period, but makes a statement about our society today. you must see this film and, probably like myself, you'll be making a trip to the store to add it to your collection.ab tak chhappan is a fictitious story surrounding a police department in mumbai, india. sadhu agashe is a hard working, hard-edged cop heading up a plain clothed crime squad who makes a name for himself by killing dangerous criminals in staged police encounters rather than locking them up in prison. his loyal officers obey him without question but a rift forms when one of his officers, imtiaz, becomes frustrated by sadhu's high ranking status and is secretly competing with him for criminal kills and status. a new recruit is also pushed into the fraternity and imtiaz is angry when sadhu allows him to take the lead on his first case. further change comes in the form of a new police commissioner who disapproves of sadhu's tactics and everyone gets caught up in internal politics.<br /><br />i was surprised to see such a well directed action thriller coming from india. the camera work is excellent, the story is well told and the tension is high when the drama unfolds. the acting, pace and political subterfuge convinces the viewer that they are a fly on the wall witnessing the blood, sweat and tears from a close up and personal view and that the events are based on reality which is no doubt why we are told that it is not at the beginning of the film although it is likely that the director, shimit amin, has taken liberties with factual accounts. nevertheless, ab tak chhappan is an extremely polished piece of film-making.i love this movie. i watched it over and over when i rented it from netflix.it had a lot of substance and meaning for me. i think many people will enjoy it.i have read and seen quite a few lesbian stories over the years and am happy to say they are getting better and better in how they are presented.they tend to have a more positive feel for the life style and feeling's of gay women.its nice to see two women find themselves and be as happy as others in this society.i think it is apparent that more and more movies with this theme will grace our theaters and tv screens.many producers and directors are realizing that lesbians live very full and wholesome lives and that we have wonderful stories that should and can be seen by individuals as well as families without hesitation.a young woman leaves her provincial life for a new one in the city and there she meets another woman with whom she falls in love with. their relationship turns physical quickly and they both believe that they are soul-mates, until one day, the provincial girl comes home to find a man in their bed. her lover then reveals to her that their relationship was just an experiment and she really likes men. um, kinda like the anne heche and ellen degeneres thing. so, anyway, the provincial girl, broken, torn and shattered by this discovery moves out and begins to discover what the real world is all about as she falls into the hands of all sort of vindictive and salacious people in 19th century england.i loved this movie. not because of the romantic story lines between women, but for the visualization of human strength, despair, and liberation. this film is a must see. entertaining! emotional! captivating! all the characters are very well written and portrayed by some very talented actors. this story is a story of self discovery and sexual awakening. a journey of the mind, body and soul. you find yourself identifying with the characters and at some points, even the storyline. <br /><br />i do have to say that i recommend watching the movie first, then read the book. if you read the book first, you will be slightly disappointed. the screenplay adaption cut out a lot and some things were changed. some for the better and some for the worst.tipping the velvet (2002) (tv) was directed by geoffrey sax for bbc television. the basic plot is a coming-of-age story for the protagonist, nan astley, played well by rachael stirling. as a teenager, nan works in her family-run oyster house. everyone expects her to stay at home, then marry an appropriate husband, and settle down to family life. nan expects this too.<br /><br />everything changes when nan meets kitty butler (keeley hawes) a beautiful and talented performer who dresses in men's clothes and captures the hearts of her audience. the audience includes nan, who is sexually attracted to kitty in a way in which she's not attracted to her boyfriend. <br /><br />the remainder of the film follows nan to london and through her ups (sort of) and her downs (horrible) as a lesbian and sometimes male impersonator. <br /><br />as is typical for the bbc, every role, no matter how small, is performed by an excellent actor. the bbc has a depth and breadth of performing artists that is truly marvelous. none of the supporting actors stands out in my mind--they were uniformly good. both stirling and hawes are wonderful, and their acting carries the film along.<br /><br />it's always sad to be reminded of how difficult life can be for someone who doesn't fit society's mold for what is normal. i know it isn't easy for lesbians even in the u.s., even today. imagine the obstacles to love and happiness for lesbians in victorian england. we've come a long way, but we still have a long way to travel.as a lesbian, i am sick and tired of being portrayed in movies and on tv as a sad person, forever vacillating between suicide and homicide, but never destined to find happiness? <br /><br />if, like me, you are fed up with hollywood's anti-lesbian propaganda, you'll breathe a sigh of relief at this delightful offering from the bbc. nan astley is the daughter of an oyster-house restaurateur who "wonders why she can't feel the way she should about freddy" (one of the local lads who has his eye set on her). she falls â? and falls hard â? for kitty butler, a male impersonator with a visiting theatre troupe. nan accompanies kitty to london as her dresserâ? <br /><br />not everything that happens to nan is pleasant in this story, and some of the things she does are not squeaky-clean either - but she will win your heart, and her story of love triumphant will leave you with a beautiful lump in your throat at the end.<br /><br />if you are a lesbo-hating macho man or a homophobic housewife, or some brand of religious fundamentalist who believes that homosexuals should die and go to hell, this series is not for you. but if you have a heart, and you believe in love, you will cry at the end as much as i did!"tipping the velvet" is one of the modern day television productions that prove that some television can be just as good or even better(as this is) than what you see at your local theater. <br /><br />if you want to read the plot, read this and if you want other details skip down to the next paragraph. this is the unforgettable portrait of an unconventional young girl named nan who works as a naive oyster girl,until she discovers her repressed homosexuality when she falls in love with a successful woman named kitty who dresses as a male for her stage profession. the young girl soon joins the act as another male impersonator and they are a major hit. soon the both of them embark on a tender affair. kitty eventually becomes enveloped in a marriage of convenience and ravages young nan's heart. from then on, nan works as male impersonated prostitute to men looking to have sex with boys, then she becomes the private sex slave to the evil and sadomasochistic diana where nan experiences severe emotional abuse. when that ends badly, nan is on the streets again where she recalls a young woman named florence; a good-hearted socialist who had the true potential of being a wonderful partner. that's where nan will discover the power of socialism and learn how to get back to fame. <br /><br />the region 1 transfer is of exceptional picture quality, there is a very good scene selection, an eloquent photo gallery and a fun interview between novelist sara waters and the film's writer andrew davies. <br /><br />the sets, costumes, cinematography and music are gorgeous. the acting, writing and directing are extremely strong and filled with realism, class and originality. i loved the film and the novel. section iii in the film is much different in the film than in the novel, because section iii in the novel is great written down, but isn't screen material. i will be brave and say that i love the films interpretation of it much more. <br /><br />this breathtaking historical ingeniously combines drama, comedy, erotica and romance to vibrant perfection in a way that is both deeply moving and spiritually uplifting. for every mature and open-minded adult who has ever felt the pleasures, pains and power of falling in love and living life to it's fullest. a revolutionary production; an absolute must-see!out of the top 24 lesbian films in my library, i must rate this one as the number one film of all times. this film will go down in history as the best in it's genre. it is a story about a girl (rachael stirling) who goes from riches to rags and from rags to riches, with her first love (keeley hawes) popping in and out of her life. it is set against a victorian background in the 1890's, which makes it an ideal setting for some of the best entertainment in the industry. this film spared no expense for music and costumes, and the make-up rachael and keeley wore while on stage in the halls only added to the film's diversity.<br /><br />no matter what kind of films you favor, i can guarantee this film will not only amaze you, but will keep your attention through all three episodes. this film will be played and enjoyed for decades to come. the unrated dvd collector's version is a must for anyone's library. rachael stirling and keeley hawes was the best choice for the casting in these two roles, and they played them extremely well.for every fan of coming of age tales, this 3 hour adaptation of the<br /><br />sarah waters novel is pure fun. cinematic nods to baz luhrman's<br /><br />kinetic style, as well as to all those prim and proper period pieces<br /><br />ever present on the bbc (where you're likely to have seen almost<br /><br />every prominent member of this cast). it's rather bawdy and over<br /><br />the top in spots, but that's just what the novel called for. the cast<br /><br />is appealing and, in the cases of anna chancellor and hugh<br /><br />bonneville, perfect. in the case of rachel sterling, as our heroine<br /><br />nan, you simply must overlook the fact that she's far too pretty to<br /><br />ever be mistaken for a boy and run with it. it's a fantasy, after all. <br /><br />some fans of the novel may be put out by the various changes in<br /><br />character (particularly that of jodhi may's character, florence), but<br /><br />the changes all work toward the greater good of this teleplay and<br /><br />provide an overall high quality entertainment value.i think andrew davies did an admirable job of taking a magnificent book which emulated the pace and styling of a victorian novel and turning it into a moving and entertaining film. i'm glad i read (twice) the book first which is usually the case for me. i know that one must view a novel and a film as different media and judge them accordingly. but, still, it's often hard to read the original material after a film gives away the best parts.<br /><br />i realize that davies is a very good adapter, but i wish the producers had chosen a woman to write the screenplay. davies, as he admits in the commentary that accompanies the film on dvd, wanted particularly to emphasis the more scatological bits in the book. i certainly enjoyed those, on film as in the book. but davies missed a half-dozen moments that are so excruciatingly, painfully tender which he could have incorporated if his sensibility were more feminine. <br /><br />i also would take issue with his use of the book's primary symbol, the rose.<br /><br />as the screenplay was plotted by davies, the denouement was inevitable and appropriate. but i really think that author waters' final nod to the rose symbol was much more interesting. and i preferred way the novel let nan "come of age" than the way davies chose.<br /><br />one quick comment about the four actors who essay the primary roles. they are all wonderfully talented -- well, except for the singing and dancing, perhaps -- and, moreover, their physical presences are so much what the mind's eye sees when reading the novel before seeing the film. i thought they were all terrific.<br /><br />i recommend that any lesbian and anyone who loves good fiction, add both the book and the dvd of tipping the velvet to their bookshelves.it is surprising that a production like this gets made these days, especially for television. considering the strong sexual themes and explicit lovemaking scenes, not to mention lesbianism, this has been given superb treatment and direction.<br /><br />the sets and costumes are flawless, the direction is stylish and the characters are likeable. there is a fair amount of humor but it has surprisingly dark interludes. the protagonist is really a tragic figure, but not devoid of happiness. also, this production avoids the mistake most films/shows make when dealing with homosexuality/lesbianism. the characters are very human. it seems that to allow people to be comfortable with watching gays and lesbians on tv and movies most shows fill it full of cliches and make the characters obsessed with being gay. not so with this. in tipping the velvet, the protagonist is hardly aware of what being lesbian means!<br /><br />the bbc have made some wonderful productions in the past, and this adventurous period piece only confirms their standard of excellence on all fronts.a really realistic, sensible movie by ramgopal verma . no stupidity like songs as in other hindi movies. class acting by nana patekar. <br /><br />much similarities to real 'encounters'.i have nothing but praise for this mini series. it's only about a year and a half old but i have seen it twice already; with greater enjoyment the second time than the first. i'm seriously thinking of watching it again soon since i find it spiritually uplifting.<br /><br />it is a very tender romantic drama with such beautiful performances, sets, costumes, music and scenes that it has a resonance which places it almost in a league of its own among mini series.<br /><br />some others have commented on the difficulties of living as a lesbian in britain in the 1890s. nothing especially difficult about that; it was only male homosexuality that was against the law as poor oscar wilde experienced to his great cost and as a great loss to the literary world. anyway, i digress.<br /><br />in my view, this is essential television. it is perhaps one of the greatest tragic romantic dramas since romeo and juliet, although not in the conventional sense.<br /><br />10 out of 10 from me.<br /><br />jmvi'm glad i read the sarah waters novel first, since i had my own pictures of the characters in my head at the time. the ones cast for this production, however, were not at all disappointing - in fact, after i got used to rachael stirling as nan, i think nina gold did a damn fine job in the casting department. (can keeley hawes be more delicious?!)<br /><br />the bbc has done it again: this is a wonderful production of a very good book, and they have done it up in style. if you can get your hands on this (vhs, dvd) be sure to get the 181-minute version (the uncensored one.) it is a marvelous journey, albeit a bit rocky at times, that you won't regret taking.this wonderful 3 part bbc production is one of the sweetest love stories that i have seen in a while. the actresses display a very high level of talent, especially rachael stirling as nan astley. she is funny, seductive and cute. the love making scenes and the close up kisses are very erotic regardless of one's sexual preference. <br /><br />the characters are well defined and very believable. i guess this is a by-product of a good adaptation from a well written novel.<br /><br />a truly remarkable well paced drama that picks up speed quickly after a couple of boring (but necessary) scenes in the beginning.<br /><br />my vote: 9/10tipping the velvet has just three weeks ago been released in the uk and already i watch as countless letters flood to the national papers and tv guides, claiming that it possesses a thin plot, weak performances and an even weaker script.<br /><br />you find me incensed. this is heresy.<br /><br />i would really like to dispel all doubt by first congratulating andrew davies on enabling geoffrey sax to create this wonderful dramatization of sarah waters' novel by cushioning him with such a fantastic script. kudos. but i fear i must now change tack.<br /><br />i saw one of the premiere tv guides here in the uk (which shall remain nameless) relentlessly describing tipping the velvet as a "lesbian love story". if they are, and i assume they are, trying to promote interest in the film, then this is completely the wrong way to go about it (aside from the phrase being a disappointingly inaccurate description). by saying such a thing, they are either a) turning away those who would instinctively be repelled by "that" subject matter or b) attracting a class of people who will only watch to see some "serious girl-on-girl action". buy a video! through this display of serious inconsideration, this and other magazines are cheapening what is a brilliant adaptation of one of recent literature's greatest works. tipping the velvet is a story of love, of passion, of moving on, of loss, and of heartbreak. it's not a lesbian love story. no siree.<br /><br />the end result is a stylish affair, with excellent performances all round (particularly from stirling, hawes, chancellor and may). direction-wise, it's intoxicating and immersive - sometimes, fast-paced, sometimes not - but it never ceases to be anything less than compelling. as a whole, it's polished and well delivered, the sex is undertaken with tenderness and delicacy - and although many will not class it as a real "film", it will remain among my favourites for some time to come.labeling this film a "lesbian love story" is about as accurate as calling pride & prejudice a "straight love story." there's just so much more to it than that.<br /><br />yes, the main character is a lesbian, but her story is classic bildungsroman, a journey from childhood to adulthood, from sexual innocence into maturity, from personal blindness to self- discovery. there is a stylistic element of camp to the film's direction, but it is not a hindrance; rather it serves to underscore the staged and dramatic parts of the main character's life.<br /><br />those who know anna chancellor from the bbc version of pride and prejudice will certainly be amazed with her here. rachael stirling is stellar as the main character nan, and keeley hawes is all wide-eyed goodness as her lover kitty butler. chancellor might have the stand out role, that is aside from sally hawkins who plays zena butler. this film is not for the faint of heart, but it's not a piece of pro-gay advertising either. it's a real story, with real comedy and drama, an engaging story with compelling characters, and well worth watching.i started watching this expecting the worst, i was happy to find that the film turned out to be enjoyable, slightly confusing in parts, like when they all justs started singing. it gave me a chance to see daniel wu in action for the first time, he is a better actor than i thought, at times he seemed a bit out of place. i thought purple storm deserves its hong kong legends release, as it is different to most other hk films, it is about a mans emotional struggles when confronted with memory loss, it may sound corny but when he eventually pieces out what and who he actually is it really makes the film a lot more interesting. once you get into the film you will find it keeps you gripped to it, as if you miss one bit then a lot of the film wil make sense, for example i missed a bit at the start and i recommend to anyone that watches this that they do not miss any of it. so i can say that this film was worth watching and a grateful surprise for me, that i enjoyed it.here we've got an intelligent mixture of typical hongkongmovieshootouts, worlddestructionthemes and intelligent filmmaking. not that the script has not its big holes and a few specialeffects are a bit cheaplooking. but the cinematography is a optical treat and the soundtrack is first rate. the blend of fast actionsequences and colorful slow, sometimes nearly poetic parts, has no comparison in its kind of movie, so a classification is rather hard. the closest genre is a disaster or terroristmovie with deeper human and political notes than usual. well worth to be seen worldwide in cinemas. but i am hoping this for so many other (mostly asian) movies before and nobody seems to believe me. unfortunately.this movie gives daniel wu his chance to do a great action movie, but i really find emil chow's character really great, gutsy but determined to righting wrongs. plus the main terrorist, it gets me wondering his revolution, makes me wonder if he is doing this for good or bad.<br /><br />a movie that tells us about todd, an amnesiac terrorist being tricked as an undercover until he learns who he really is. the consequences that he makes from his terrorist family, gives him a the choice of redemption.<br /><br />purple storm was one of the best ones that i have seen this year. the movie really stands out when it is filled with tremendous action scenes set-up by stephen tung wai, which won the best action sequences in the hong kong awards. (9/10)i found it charming! nobody else but kiarostami can do so little and, yet, get so much. you might think i'm weird, but i was so charmed that i couldn't speak during the movie. while during other movies i comment a lot. the short movie made by him for lumiere et companie, the one with the eggs, that one is unbeatable in my heart, but this is wonderful, too. i liked it better than ten. kiarostami is, maybe, the best director in my opinion, because he can see things! he doesn't need to use a lot of stuff "brought from home" to illustrate his images, he simply grabs a camera. not many can do that.. maybe i don't know to much about movies but i don't care about complicate stuff, all someone has to do is touch my soul. kiarostami does.i learned a thing: you have to take this film like a funny period comedy, if you don't want to be disappointed. the film's enjoyable because it's a delicious comedy. i think the over-hype damaged it: the too much glorified monica bellucci appears in few scenes and isn't so good as they wanted to let you believe. she sounds unnatural, false: the best actress in this film is sabrina impacciatore, who speaks with a perfect tuscan accent and shines together with massimo ceccherini. elio germano is very, very good: the most promising young italian actor, according to me. daniel auteuil looks like napoleon, but i preferred other actors. so, the most hyped performances were also the worst.<br /><br />costumes and production design are okay: sure, american period movies are more accurate about these things because have bigger budgets, but the italian ability rewards the lack of money. a nice period comedy, in short, with a first-rate casting (except for bellucci and auteuil).this is by far one of the best films that india has ever made. following are the plus points of the film...<br /><br />wonderful direction, cinematography and editing, the editing is very smooth and the timing of changeovers is excellent.<br /><br />even though the film shows the life of mumbai policemen and their hardships, it never gets boring or sympathetic.<br /><br />mind-blowing acting by lead actor nana patekar. one can surely hope that he gets nominated for the best actor for the academy awards.<br /><br />controlled violence. the violence is controlled and the film doesn't become a bloody mess.<br /><br />no stupid songs as in usual indian movies.<br /><br />screened this morning for the press at roma film festival, "n - io e napoleone" is easy to love. first of all it can count on great production values, as very few italian films nowadays can, with wonderful settings and costumes. the cast is great too. director virzã¬ constantly speaks of the young lead elio germano as "a young de niro". now, of course he is going a way too far, but sure the boy can act. i loved his performance, and he did a great job with the (tuscan) accent. daniel auteuil is a great actor and did very well as bonaparte. it's really great to see him acting in italian, i hope to see him working in italy again very soon. the supporting cast worked well too - people like valerio mastrandrea or sabrina impacciatore may seem unlikely choices, but they all gave fine performances. even massimo ceccherini, best known for appearing in his own moronic films and in trashy tv reality shows, fitted in well and was actually funny. the low point of the cast was the "diva" monica bellucci. sure, she was slightly better than usual, but she managed to look (and sound) utterly unnatural even in the part of baronessa emilia, in which, with a good dose of self irony, she used her own umbro accent. the script, by veteran furio scarpelli and virzã¬ himself is clever, with lots of laugh out loud lines, and a few very emotional moments too. sure, the ending left me puzzled. the message is kind of ambiguous: the whole film says that political ideals can bring you to blind hate, but if you get closer you will learn that the object of your hate is after all a little human being like everyone else, sometimes funny, sometimes sad, sometimes pathetic, so that suddenly it's difficult to hate him; then, in the last few minutes it says that after all it would have been better to shoot him in the head at the beginning. personally, i dislike very much this notion. "io e napoleone" is still a pleasant film, the best presented at the festival so far (the other being fur and the hoax). my rating is 8/10martino, a young teacher in the island of elba, has been formed by maestro fontanelli, an excellent educator, to be his own man and to say whatever he thinks, something that gets him in trouble at the school where we first meet him because he is teaching revolutionary ideals. the island is in a frenzy because of the arrival of one of the most influential men in european history of the 19th century. napoleon is coming to his exile, not exactly a high point in his life.<br /><br />with surprise, martino is chosen to accompany napoleon who is writing his memoirs and is in need of help for his own project. the young man comes from a sea merchant family. his brother and sister want him to go on an commercial expedition, but martino has decided his place belongs in elba because he will try to assassinate napoleon. little deters him after his mentor fontanelli is tried for treason and condemned to be shot by a firing squad.<br /><br />martino finds his consolation with the much older baroness emilia, a beautiful woman. in his own interaction with the deposed emperor, a different kind of man emerges. napoleon is seen as a more human person who really enjoys the company of martino, not suspecting with the plans the young man's own plans for him. unfortunately, martino is not able to put his design into action because napoleon has other plans in mind.<br /><br />paolo virzi, the director of "caterina va in citta", shows why his early promise is still there. mr. virzi also collaborated with the screenplay, which is based on a novel by ernesto ferrero. the director shows he is as good in intimate drama as well as with this type of spectacle. alessandro pesci, the cinematographer, does an excellent job with the images he was able to get.<br /><br />elio germano, a young italian actor is the best thing in the movie. he is playing against more experienced players, yet he manages to convince us he is the idealist youth trying to get justice to what he perceives is a noble cause. the great daniel auteuil is a more subdued napoleon than one would expect from anyone's interpretation of this larger than life man. monica belucci is the love interest of martino, but she has little to do. omero antonutti plays fontanelli.would you like to know why french and italians love/hate each others? would you like to have a glimpse of history that drives our lifetime? so, go to watch virzi's film (in original language, of course) and you can look at a wonderful monica bellucci who finally speaks her native language from cittã  di castello (umbria, just at the border with tuscany). and the rest of the characters speaking livornese (lovely sabrina impacciatore and all the others). daniel auteuil definitely in his shoes with napoleon. a lot of fun, a real fresco of the elba island landscape, and a picture about the political reasons to kill or leave alive a tyrant (good for all times).debbie vickers (nell schofield) and sue knight (jad capelja) want to become one of the cool girls in their high school. uncool and ugly girls had two options, be a mole or a prude! debbie and sue imitate them by using their cheating practices in an exam. two of the cool boys, garry (goeff rhoe) and danny (tony hughes) ask them for their answers and they all get busted. after a bawling out from the headmaster (bud tingwell) the cool girls meet them outside in the playground and confronted them about whether they "dobbed" on them all. as debbie and sue hadn't the cool girls invited them to the "dunnies" for a smoke. they then start to hang with them on weekends at the beach, watching all the boys surf. sue ends up going out with danny and debbie with garry. a lot of usual teenage action takes place including sex, drugs and rock and roll. garry has an eventual overdose of heroin which makes debbie face the inequalities of life and she decides to learn to surf instead of just watching the boys. they are not happy but watch her, calling names, and eventually debbie masters the board. a cool early 80s aussie film.i don't know if i'd go as far as to say that this movie belongs to the 'aussie trash' pile, but it's fair to say that there are no academy award nominees here. what must be considered is that most of the actors in this film weren't actually actors as such, just kids with nothing better to do at the time. there were many others that were offered roles in the film but turned them down to go surfing up the coast; all things taken into account, it really wasn't a bad movie for its time. in some respects it's really not unlike today's times, where peer pressure is still alive and kicking, just without the mobile phones, computers and other similar gadgets that kids lived without, unlike this generation. anyway, i have to rate this flick as an old fave that i watch once in a blue moon and never take too seriously...movie about two australian girls--debbie (nell schofield) and sue (sue knight)--and what happens when they become girlfriends of two surfer guys.<br /><br />i caught this at an art cinema here in america in 1981. technically i was still a teenager (i was 19) so i was interested in seeing how australian teens acted. script wise there's nothing new here. it shows the usual teenage adventures dealing with dating, sex, suicide etc etc. i always knew what was going to happen before it did but i was never bored. what i found interesting was, despite the accent and a few changes in clothes and hair, these teenagers aren't much different than american teens. they had many of the same difficulties and hang-ups. also this was based on a book from a real surfer girl and her true life adventures and (i heard) it was a faithful adaptation of it. the acting was just ok but the actors were attractive and this was well-made and pretty interesting. so this is no unsung masterpiece but a pretty accurate portrayal of what it's like being a teenager and trying to be with the popular kids. i give it a 7.i was actually satisfied when i played this game.the graphics were something new.the missions were great.but yet,i felt i wanted more out of this game.for a james bond game its pretty good but not as good as his other games.it would be great if they could make a 360remake for it.it would be much better then.this may just be cuz i'm into games as resident evil,dead rising and those kind of games.so it could be better but it was ok to play.one thing i absolutely hated about this game was natalya!she was irritating dying all the time and she couldn't run either.i recommend this game for those who like fps games more than i do.7/10 starsthe best bond game made of all systems. it was made of the best bond movie of all time. if you don't have the game goldeneye you should rent it and if you don't have the movie goldeneye you should rent it also to better understand the game. the best bond game of all!!!two years after its initial release, goldeneye still sits atop the field of first-person shooters for the nintendo 64. even the quake and turok series have not had the combination of graphic detail, sound quality, enemy intelligence, challenge and overall fun that bring me back to this game over and over again. the missions each have specific objectives that force you to think as bond, not just to shoot up every baddie that pops up on your screen, but also to avoid cameras, disable security systems, rescue hostages, protect the bond girl, and so on. q gadgets abound in this game, including the famous watch. the game is loosely based on the movie storyline, including all the major characters and the best scenes of the movie, from the dam bungee-jump to the prop-plane escape to the tank chase through st. petersburg. even the layout is preserved where possible, so you'll recognize various situations if you've seen the film. other levels are added to challenge the player and string together the scenes a little more. with each difficulty level the mission objectives are more difficult, the enemies smarter and the bullets more lethal. i still have not gotten through the 00-agent levels. cheats can be opened, not by entering codes or pushing buttons, but by completing certain levels within a certain time frame, and additional characters can be opened up for the multiplayer. the multiplayer is still the best among the first-person shooters. it's not as crisp as turok but it doesn't slow down nearly as much... tons of options give your friends reason to blow each other up over and over again, and one more time just for kicks. there are better games for the n64, such as zelda and all things star wars, but rare has continued their streak of outstanding games with a first-person shooter that has not and will not be surpassed until they top themselves in 2000 with perfect dark.this is a superb game for the n64 with superb graphics and a great one-player story-line and even better multi-player game best played with 4 people.<br /><br />the many levels and options for weapons mean that this is one of the best games around for years.satya was excellent.... company was just as good but more polished, probably owing to the money earned from previous movies. ab tak chappan however is even more entertaining. the dialogue is gritty, crude and at times hilarious. nana pataker shines yet again in a role that only he can fulfill with authority but the supporting cast are very talented. direction is tight and the story evolves at a satisfying pace with a very dramtic climax. as a depiction of reality it may be over-dramatised but at the end of the day it's a movie so the balance is spot-on. i've ordered my dvd and can't wait to see it again at home. as a lover of these type of gangster flicks, this is very gratifying and comes highly recommended for the refreshingly "non-yash raj" bollywood gangster flick lovers out there.this is my favorite game for the nintendo 64 platform. i've played many different first-person shooters, and i've never really liked any of them much, but this game has a certain something that i can't put my finger on that makes it an amazing amount of fun. maybe it's the extraordinary detail put into the game. maybe it's the fluid movement of the characters. maybe it's the gadgets and weapons. maybe it's the suave character of james bond. whatever it is, this game never seems to get old no matter how many times i've played it.definitely the best game for n64 ever. i most say i was farely disappointed with tomorrow never dies, but the world is not enough promises to be better then goldeneye (according to the website).i love goldeneye so much i find something to do every time i play it. i have even made up my own missions for the levels. multi player is the best of any game out there, and the graphics are astounding even now. the first day i got this i remember wishing that they would go back, and make all of the bond movies into games. can you imagine driving that speed boat in live and let die and making those incredible jumps, or fighting off ninjas or fighting jaws in the spy who loved me and moonraker. (i think fighting him in those games would be more fun then in the aztec) what about chasing sanchez in the gas trucks or scalling st. cerils in for your eyes only. oh well let me get back to the game at hand. all of the levels are unique and make for very fun killing environments. there are many places to hide so you can sneek up on people (especially statue park) well this game is not worthy of renting you really need to buy it today.this game is not exactly the best n64 game ever. sure, it's good, but only when there's 4 players. without 4 players, the only fun thing to do is take remote mines and see how many people you can kill. but half of this game are levels where you have to save natalya, so you'll have to limit your use of remote mines in those levels, and that gets quite boring. the graphics don't exactly reach the level of super mario 64 or even mario kart 64. and if you're talking a great multiplayer in a 1st-person shooter, you'll have to go with perfect dark. at least you can play "multiplayer" by yourself.this game requires stealth, smart, and a steady hand. the gameplay is simply the best; on top of that though are the interesting extras - bullet holes stay in the walls, enemies react to specific points where they have been hit by bullets, there are tons of motion captured animations that make the enemies seem very real (for instance when looking through a window at a guard he will stand there swatting flies away, sneezing, or scratching himself), the list goes on. this is the best licensed/movie conversion ever and it puts you in the shoes of the suavest super spy. this game is the best reason for owning an n64.what can be said about one of the greatest n64 games ever? that the action is fast enough to keep even a seasoned fps veteran sweating bullets quite literally? that the graphics are great, down to the explosions that everyone loves to see? that nothing is quite as fun as playing multiplayer mode, and shooting your friends and siblings in the back with submachine guns?<br /><br />very little beats goldeneye 007. about the only thing missing was voice acting, and a bit more intelligence in the enemy soldiers. if you have an n64, and you like shooting people and things crossed with espionage, get a copy of this.ever since i first played it in 1998, goldeneye has been one of my favourite video games. in fact, i recently bought an n64 purely so that i could own it and play it more often! the game is pretty much near-perfect: the single-player mode does a fantastic job of immersing yourself in bond's shoes, with varied mission objectives, convincing weapons, and great level design. even though the enemies' artificial intelligence is pretty basic by today's standards, that only adds to goldeneye's appeal. the method of obtaining cheats (completing levels within a strict time limit) was also innovative when the title was released, and even now i still haven't cracked some of them!<br /><br />the game comes with a wonderful multiplayer mode for up to four players, and while this isn't as advanced as the combat simulator in the game's sequel "perfect dark", it is still incredibly satisfying to blast your opponents to smithereens with a barrage of rc-p90 fire! ;-)this game has cartoon graphics, not much violence and really short levels - then why do people say it is so brilliant?!? because it always holds your attention, it captivates you and refuses to let go! you will try for hours to try and find that damn flight recorder, try to work out how to get into the room without alerting the guards, etc! the levels are short only when you know what to do - until that, you will spend hours trying to figure out where to find correspondences, where to find helicopters and so on! and you'll have fun all the while you are doing it! well worth a rent!in my personal opinion i think this is the greatest video game ever created! i first played this game at my friends house years ago, the very next day i went out and got my own. since that day close to seven years ago i have not stopped playing it. i can't help it i just can't get bored of it. i've been addicted to other games on other, much newer systems but i keep coming back for more goldeneye. every mission is amazingly fun and challenging, the multi-player mode was like none other. i hope you can be as fortunate as i was to have played four player multi-player mode because i had brothers and friends who would get together and play this game all the time.you wear only the best italian suits from armani, hand stitched and fitted to your exact measurements. your automobile is the finest that german engineering has to offer, and is equipped with as many gadgets as horses under the hood. you're a member of the finest polo clubs, frequently dine at restaurants such as spago, and are always accompanied by at least two of the most beautiful women in the world. your pocket watch doubles as a nuclear explosive, while your trusty pen can also be used as a semi-automatic .22 caliber gun. you snow ski in the alps, go deep sea diving in the caribbean, sky dive over the andes, and all the while your hair is never, ever, out of place. you are bond, james bond, the world's most renown spy, favorite son of the good queen, bad boy of the british ss, and perhaps the most desired man in the world. the character of james bond was created by ian fleming, and is the movie industry's longest lasting icon, being the subject of over fifteen films spanning over four decades. the latest man to play the role is pierce brosnan, who took over the role of james bond from timothy dalton in 1996, and made his 007 debut in goldeneye.<br /><br />this is the setting for the first major title developed by a third party on the nintendo 64. goldeneye, developed by rare for nintendo, has been on the market for some time. its continued dominance in the sales charts is just one testament to how good this game is, and no review library would be complete without it.<br /><br />let's face it -- most of the time movie-licensed games are flops. although the two seem like a good mix, the results, for the most part, have been horrendous. games like cliffhanger, true lies, lethal weapon, and not to mention all the star trek flops, are ammunition enough against this mix. and for the record i am not a fan of movie licensed games, especially if i've seen the movie. at least that's how i used to think. in the case of goldeneye, i had more reservations than normal. while not a bad movie, goldeneye the film didn't have that much appeal to it, and i don't rank it in the top ten amongst bond movies. as a game, however, let's just say it's a completely different story.<br /><br />the game is a first-person shooter, and in order to be successful, you'll need at least as much brains as brawn. for those who have seen the movie, which i imagine is most of you reading this, the story is very consistent and follows the path of the movie with little variation. a plot to control the world's most dangerous satellite, goldeneye, has begun in the ussr, and in the process a beautiful woman has been captured. your missions will be many, the danger extreme. you will have to rely on your wits and experience to get you through the most grueling missions the world has ever known. m will brief you as soon as you're ready. good day, james.i first played this around 98' or 99' when i was with my friends.i thought the game was really great,and loved it.<br /><br />the game is simple.on one player mode,you go around as james bond and complete missions in different places like an arctic wasteland or a city.my favorite was one with a tank.on two player mode,you and a friend choose from any character you wish and go all out with a fight.through out the area you are in,you will find ammo and weapons to help.from hand guns to rifles to lasers and even your fists work.<br /><br />again with player two mode,there are lots of places to go,and some to unlock.i find this game really fun,but also very suspenseful.because,you never really know where your opponent is,and it's surprising to see them behind a door where you are going.<br /><br />this game gets ****(1/2) stars or of ***** very good!go play it sometime!no music. no stupid masala. a reasonably realistic portrayal of the police system in india and based on a real "encounter" specialist in india, daya nayak. that is ab tak 56 (56 symbolises how many criminals the lead "sadhu agashe" has killed" - well you already know that bit)brilliance exudes nan patekar in the role as a relaxed and calculating indian cop. the one liners are just hilarious. the plot though slightly predictable on review, is intriguing all the same. another one of the films from ram gopal vermas the factory. movies which are either decent or really good, ab tak chappan meanders close to very good. but yet remains one of the top 70 films released from india, commercial and artsy included.<br /><br />what is great is the story telling is relaxed and showcases finally (in an indian flick) how the police network works. the cast is really damn good but seriously the one liners are funny as hell (though i dont know if the subtitled version will appear as funny) the producers are trying for a cannes release, which is interesting. made by debut director shamit aman (i think thats his name).<br /><br />again 55 y.o. nana patekar is brilliant away from his silly shouting roles of the past, just shows what a good director can do with a good actor. really good stuff. if you are interested in indian movies and are disgusted by the nonsense some of our guys dish out then this is definitely a relief.<br /><br />again patekar is the guy who happilly carries the movie on his shoulders and epitomises the style of the movie- relaxed, funny, intelligent and calculating. good dialoges, good acting, nice direction all in all great stuff. recommendations: gangaajal, ram gopal verma's company (both indian flicks)we've all played halo and socom and gta and resi etc. but none of them can stand up to ge007. the game itself is great. i have literally burned out my n64 playing this great game, along with zelda oot. this game along alone built the mold that is essential for all modern shooters. on top of that the multi-player is great. the story mode itself is worth playing a hundred times over and more. its a great game for when your board and you want to just shoot up some people and there are endless unlock ables. (cheats, aztec, egyptian, god knows how many multiplayer charries, and the three difficulties as well as the famous '007' difficulty our modern games are great but when you sit down and play this game you get a certain feeling that few other games can give you. and with the online capabilities of newer shooting games we rarely see this old two on two death match style. and when we do its no where near as good as this games. and when you get bored of the story, there are endless mysteries, glitches and easter eggs to be found and taken advantage of. <br /><br />this is definitely one of the greatest shooting games of all time.goldeneye 007 is not only the best movie tie-in game of all time, but it is perhaps the most influential first-person shooter ever to hit the gaming-console market. if you aren't aware of the plot of this game that's not a problem, because essential it is the same as the popular james bond movie, goldeneye, which was released in 1995- two years prior to this game's release.<br /><br />this is a game that is filled with techniques and styles that would be mimicked in many future games to come, and it gives the player a wide variety of objectives, and difficult challenges. the a.i. is smart (especially on higher difficulty settings) and the environments are complex enough to provide entertainment, as well as difficulty to any gamer.<br /><br />the introduction of logical hit-points on your enemies is a great feature. even bosses in this game can be taken down with a well-aimed shot to the head. it is this type of realism that really makes you feel like your james bond and that you can sneak in, sneak out, covertly taking out henchmen as you go, or springing alarms and having to go through massive shootouts. because of this there are many ways to beat the game, and limitless possibilities for how you accomplish your tasks. aka: you can take easy ways or hard ways of beating levels...and if you don't have a strategy guide you'll have to find out those paths by yourself (which, i might add, is incredibly fun if you want to waste a day away).<br /><br />this is one of those games that the more you play it the more you're able to value its contributions to the gaming industry. each time i play it i notice aspects that have been replicated in many following fps games. so if you have a nintendo 64 go ahead and dust that sucker and order a used copy of goldeneye 007, because trust me, as a bond fan, and a casual gamer i can say that this game is highly recommended for all those who want to step into the shoes of james bond, or just have an awesome, intense gaming experience.<br /><br />(also make sure to look out for its sister game, perfect dark, which is also on the n64, following the same controls, and very similar weapon uses.)there isn't much that comes close to the perfect-paced storytelling and suspenseful action-packed levels as "goldeneye". when it came out, it was the greatest game of all-time, and even today, it stays strong.<br /><br />i will admit that this game did get boring after a few months of playing, and by not playing it again until two years later, i was thrust back into its greatest, almost as if i was playing it for the first time again.<br /><br />there are 20 action-packed levels, which is probably the most of any james bond game to date. probably the most unforgettable one is the tank level, which was likely the most explosive video game sequence at that time. and the first-person shooting as well as usage of q gadgets is what james bond fans are always dying to use.<br /><br />frankly, as a james bond fan, i look for aspects of a true james bond experience, which are now showing up in the ps2 games. so this game, while it has some great action and usable gadgets, i was somewhat expecting a little more, even back in 1997. i also disliked that this game didn't have q or m or moneypenny, or anyone from mi6. while watching the movies, bond interacts with these characters at least a few times throughout each movie, but they are nowhere to be seen in this game. and vocal dialogue would have made the game more lively rather than the text dialogue they wound up using. they had the technology. they just didn't use it.<br /><br />probably the most annoying feature of this game is that in some ways it follows the story of the movie precisely, and other ways it's incoherent. for example, there are two many levels where you have to protect or save natalya, even though in the movie she can take care of herself. there are also some unnecessary levels, like the boat level where you have to disarm some bombs (which is not in the movie), which adds nothing to the storyline whatsoever. there are even some levels where you rescue natalya, but at the beginning of the next level, she's captured again. how?<br /><br />oh well. even those little things can't really put this game down. and while i do prefer the newer games, this bond experience is definitely one you won't forget.<br /><br />8 out of 10this is one of my favorite james bond in games because: the missions are fun to play they have lots of action in them they can be hard that makes them fun to do the weapons you use are good. the way james bond look in this james bond games is pretty you can see pierce brosnan in him which is cool and all the other characters in this game look like the actors that played them in the movie. there is no way that you can't have a good time playing this game i loved it.also the game follows the movie pretty much maybe a few added thing but it pretty much follows the movie. also the this james bond game has pretty good graphics for nintendo 64 and to bad there was no voice over actors in this game but who care as long as the game is fun to play.<br /><br />overall score ******** out of **********007's goldeneye is one of the best n64 releases ever.<br /><br />better than this game? well...star wars: rogue squadron, star wars: episode i-racer and the legend of zelda: ocarina of time are far better and superior games. but i still love goldeneye.<br /><br />this is the best adaptation from a movie second only to star wars adaptations. the story is perfect. it's like you are in the movie itself.<br /><br />the graphics are excellent. the movements are extremely realistic. the enemies' artificial intelligence are the best part in this game. i loved playing the stage in which james and natalya break from the janus base as the goldeneye prepares to burn it. escaping without sounding an alarm was very difficult. eluding cameras and controlling your fire are great aspects in the gameplay.<br /><br />it's also the toughest game i've ever played. n64 games are usually very, very easy. goldeneye is the one exception. i'm still trying to beat the 00 agent difficult level, but winning the easier levels was already a great victory. i loved when alec trevelyan asked: "for england james?". i answered: "no, for me!" it happened just in the moment i blasted him to death. just like in the movie. i love accomplishing every objective.<br /><br />the multiplayer gaming is even better. at first i got killed every holy second. now, i know how to win. i love forcing my playmates by playing at license to kill.<br /><br />the music and sound are astounding. super mario 64 looks like an atari next to this. the only thing i still wanted to hear was the goldeneye theme song, that plays at the end of the movie.<br /><br />after zelda was released, i nearly forgot i still had this game. it's still excellent, even if it's already surpassed. i hope other 007 games are produced.<br /><br />fantastic job rareware! nintendo was very smart to release this game on the n64 exclusively. magnificent job nintendo!quite simply, goldeneye is the single greatest n64 game to date. the learning curve is just about perfect, and you'll still be playing it with your friends months on, as the multiplayer mode is nothing short of exceptional.<br /><br />the system for acquiring cheats for once requires some degree of skill, rather than simply knowing which buttons to press, and the challenge of aztec on 00 agent level is astonishing.<br /><br />all in all - it's the best game i've ever played on the n64ever since i've been allowed to play goldeneye once again, it's been impossible to get my mind off it. i'm surprised i could have gone without it. it is, without a doubt, one of the greatest games of all time. i have never played any other shooting games, but i know that this one rules above all. most people blame it for too much violence, but i find that ridiculous. there may be a few graphic antics, but there's far worse out there.<br /><br />most importantly, it's fun. with an awesome arsenal of weapons such as the rc-p90 and the classic golden gun, you'll go through several challenging levels from the movie, completing crucial objectives and fending off swarms of guards. there are tons of awesome cheats to get and even two secret levels that you will only earn if you have the true skill. goldeneye is also one of the greatest multiplayer games ever as well. you can choose several characters from the movie, classic villains from old 007 movies (baron samedi, oddjob, may day, and jaws), and guards in the game. chances are you and your partner(s) will be laughing so hard as you blow each other away that you'll look like bart and lisa simpson watching an episode of the itchy and scratchy show. <br /><br />so if you don't have the game, don't rent it: just buy it. it's too good to be true. for cool goldeneye stuff, check out detstar.com's goldeneye website. every james bond lover will dig this game big time.goldeneye is a masterpiece. the storyline is amazingly depicted, the characters beautifully animated and the weapons are tyte. the storyline is so interesting, even when you complete every single mission, to get more levels you have to beat them on a higher difficulty. and the multiplayer mode is so tyte. you pick the weapons you want to play with, then play. me and the three of my friends, along with my brother, always play goldeneye. if you don't have this game, i suggest you buy it.this episode introduces us to the formal dress uniforms worn here by captain picard, commander riker, and lieutenant tasha yar. the plot of this episode deals with 2 groups of separate alien delegates, the anticans and the selae who try to capture and eat each other at every turn. the 2 sides really hate each other, and it is up to riker and tasha to contain them and keep them out of trouble.<br /><br />meanwhile a mysterious spacial anomaly goes around the ship injuring and killing a few of the crew members. but at the end of the episode this same spacial anomaly possesses a valuable member of the crowd. will they be able to rescue him so that they maybe able to continue on with their on going mission of space exploration? <br /><br />note: this episode marks irish actor colm meaney's second appearance on tng after "encounter at farpoint." he portrays one of tasha's "yellow-shirted" security guards."lonely among us" definitely is one of the best first season episodes. the storyline, although somewhat confusing, creates a lot of suspense, supported by the creepy synthesizer-driven soundtrack. this is a typically "alien body invasion" scenario but finally turning out to no evil purpose (the death of assistant chief engineer singh to me was an accident). the two delegate species deliver an entertaining frame (best make-up so far) finally adding a little black humor to the series (the final scene). patrick stewart obviously enjoys stepping out a bit of his picard character and exploring some new terrain as does data by posing as sherlock holmes (another all time classic). the special effects are also convincing and director cliff bole did his job well. he is the first one trying to compensate trois lack in acting ability by improving her looks. she does look beautiful in some scenes and the neck of her dress improves her appearance a lot. picard's "lightning-scene" on the bridge gives him a slight air of the emperor of star wars "return of the jedi" (which is a personal impression but made me smile).<br /><br />there's also some playing with the lighting of the corridors (simulating night aboard) and the first moving camera, pulling back from picard when he's entering the transporter room to beam into the cloud... nice work. the clever cutting, creating continuing dialog through different scenes (troi's hypnosis report) rounds up the impression of a really well crafted tng episode. the first one, where even wesley crusher seemed almost tolerable... <br /><br />the ending however is a bit confusing, just as if the producers were running out of time. "p for picard" is a little far fetched and his return far too easy but that can be left aside regarding the many strong moments this episode has to offer...i love the way he experiments. ab tak chappan was a thrill to watch just as much satya and company was. jatin the new comer also lived up to his role and nana patekar was at his best. suchak was really irritating but i think he fit the character he was playing - he had really ugly teeth. the story has a great progress and no songs in the movie makes it better. i only wish he signs up urmila for his other up coming movies. i think they are the best director and actress combination i have seen. i have not seen naach as yet but i am looking forward for it. i for some reason don't find antra maali that exciting to watch on the screen - unlike urmila.the movie is really about choices. in the oppressed state of affairs as seen in fire, where good women had to be obedient and do what was correct in the eyes of tradition, there seemed few options for radha and sita. however, granted that it was not their only option. what is life without desire, radha questions ashok. yes, it's true that life provides us with a number of options but how many we can take depends on a number of external factors. when your world is confined to a small indian household, being a dutiful daughter-in-law to a silent but observant still powerful matriarch, a dutiful wife of 13 years to a man who has taken a vow of celibacy due to your not being able to have a child, a man who only wants you lying next to him to prove his strength in eliminating his desires. i felt the ladies had little choice but to find solace in each other's company. i guess the fact that so many women applauded ms mehta's work, was because it provided them with an option to think for themselves. an option to do what was perhaps unacceptable. the lesbian scenes i felt was merely to put that point across. every scene in the movie from the first at the taj mahal to the last at the mosque, is etched in my mind. how frustrating to be a prisoner of your feelings and desires. to feel that you had to forgo the human touch to be a dutiful wife just because it is expected of you. to have to suppress any desire you might have and to crave for the human touch. what then is the meaning of our existence one wonders. in the scene where sita is crying alone in the room and radha comes in to comfort her, their lips accidentally brush against each others and it awakens a feeling in them. something they have both been deprived of.<br /><br />bravo to ms mehta in translating her vision so clearly. i especially like the flashbacks to the young radha trying to 'see' for the ocean. it is a metaphor for freedom. freedom to choose, freedom to transport ourselves to places we would normally be unable to reach. in those scenes, it is gently told to us that her sense of duty has also been passed down from her mother who i assume lives within the rich indian traditions of duty in marriage. the movie is beautifully filmed and enhanced by the musical score by a.r. rahman. since the film, i have become ardent fans of the two lead actresses and the director. i look forward to more of ms deepa's future productions.once again mr. costner has dragged out a movie for far longer than necessary. aside from the terrific sea rescue sequences, of which there are very few i just did not care about any of the characters. most of us have ghosts in the closet, and costner's character are realized early on, and then forgotten until much later, by which time i did not care. the character we should really care about is a very cocky, overconfident ashton kutcher. the problem is he comes off as kid who thinks he's better than anyone else around him and shows no signs of a cluttered closet. his only obstacle appears to be winning over costner. finally when we are well past the half way point of this stinker, costner tells us all about kutcher's ghosts. we are told why kutcher is driven to be the best with no prior inkling or foreshadowing. no magic here, it was all i could do to keep from turning it off an hour in.this is an example of why the majority of action films are the same. generic and boring, there's really nothing worth watching here. a complete waste of the then barely-tapped talents of ice-t and ice cube, who've each proven many times over that they are capable of acting, and acting well. don't bother with this one, go see new jack city, ricochet or watch new york undercover for ice-t, or boyz n the hood, higher learning or friday for ice cube and see the real deal. ice-t's horribly cliched dialogue alone makes this film grate at the teeth, and i'm still wondering what the heck bill paxton was doing in this film? and why the heck does he always play the exact same character? from aliens onward, every film i've seen with bill paxton has him playing the exact same irritating character, and at least in aliens his character died, which made it somewhat gratifying...<br /><br />overall, this is second-rate action trash. there are countless better films to see, and if you really want to see this one, watch judgement night, which is practically a carbon copy but has better acting and a better script. the only thing that made this at all worth watching was a decent hand on the camera - the cinematography was almost refreshing, which comes close to making up for the horrible film itself - but not quite. 4/10.first of all i hate those moronic rappers, who could'nt act if they had a gun pressed against their foreheads. all they do is curse and shoot each other and acting like clichã©'e version of gangsters.<br /><br />the movie doesn't take more than five minutes to explain what is going on before we're already at the warehouse there is not a single sympathetic character in this movie, except for the homeless guy, who is also the only one with half a brain.<br /><br />bill paxton and william sadler are both hill billies and sadlers character is just as much a villain as the gangsters. i did'nt like him right from the start.<br /><br />the movie is filled with pointless violence and walter hills specialty: people falling through windows with glass flying everywhere. there is pretty much no plot and it is a big problem when you root for no-one. everybody dies, except from paxton and the homeless guy and everybody get what they deserve.<br /><br />the only two black people that can act is the homeless guy and the junkie but they're actors by profession, not annoying ugly brain dead rappers.<br /><br />stay away from this crap and watch 48 hours 1 and 2 instead. at lest they have characters you care about, a sense of humor and nothing but real actors in the cast.not even the beatles could write songs everyone liked, and although walter hill is no mop-top he's second to none when it comes to thought provoking action movies. the nineties came and social platforms were changing in music and film, the emergence of the rapper turned movie star was in full swing, the acting took a back seat to each man's overpowering regional accent and transparent acting. this was one of the many ice-t movies i saw as a kid and loved, only to watch them later and cringe. bill paxton and william sadler are firemen with basic lives until a burning building tenant about to go up in flames hands over a map with gold implications. i hand it to walter for quickly and neatly setting up the main characters and location. but i fault everyone involved for turning out lame-o performances. ice-t and cube must have been red hot at this time, and while i've enjoyed both their careers as rappers, in my opinion they fell flat in this movie. it's about ninety minutes of one guy ridiculously turning his back on the other guy to the point you find yourself locked in multiple states of disbelief. now this is a movie, its not a documentary so i wont waste my time recounting all the stupid plot twists in this movie, but there were many, and they led nowhere. i got the feeling watching this that everyone on set was sord of confused and just playing things off the cuff. there are two things i still enjoy about it, one involves a scene with a needle and the other is sadler's huge 45 pistol. bottom line this movie is like domino's pizza. yeah ill eat it if i'm hungry and i don't feel like cooking, but i'm well aware it tastes like crap. 3 stars, meh.brass pictures (movies is not a fitting word for them) really are somewhat brassy. their alluring visual qualities are reminiscent of expensive high class tv commercials. but unfortunately brass pictures are feature films with the pretense of wanting to entertain viewers for over two hours! in this they fail miserably, their undeniable, but rather soft and flabby than steamy, erotic qualities non withstanding.<br /><br />senso '45 is a remake of a film by luchino visconti with the same title and alida valli and farley granger in the lead. the original tells a story of senseless love and lust in and around venice during the italian wars of independence. brass moved the action from the 19th into the 20th century, 1945 to be exact, so there are mussolini murals, men in black shirts, german uniforms or the tattered garb of the partisans. but it is just window dressing, the historic context is completely negligible.<br /><br />anna galiena plays the attractive aristocratic woman who falls for the amoral ss guy who always puts on too much lipstick. she is an attractive, versatile, well trained italian actress and clearly above the material. her wide range of facial expressions (signalling boredom, loathing, delight, fear, hate ... and ecstasy) are the best reason to watch this picture and worth two stars. she endures this basically trashy stuff with an astonishing amount of dignity. i wish some really good parts come along for her. she really deserves it.a funny thing happened to me while watching "mosquito": on the one hand, the hero is a deaf-mute and the director is totally unable to make us understand why he does what he does (mutilating mannequins...er, excuse me, corpses) through his images. on the other hand, the english version at least is very badly dubbed. so i found myself wishing there had been both more and less dialogue at the same time! this film is stupid (funny how this guy has access to every graveyard and mortuary in his town) and lurid (where would we be in a 70s exploitationer without our gratuitous lesbian scene?). not to mention the "romantic" aspect (oh, how sweet!)...miss it. (*)this german horror film has to be one of the weirdest i have seen.<br /><br />i was not aware of any connection between child abuse and vampirism, but this is supposed based upon a true character.<br /><br />our hero is deaf and mute as a result of repeated beatings at the hands of his father. he also has a doll fetish, but i cannot figure out where that came from. his co-workers find out and tease him terribly.<br /><br />during the day a mild-manner accountant, and at night he breaks into cemeteries and funeral homes and drinks the blood of dead girls. they are all attractive, of course, else we wouldn't care about the fact that he usually tears their clothing down to the waist. he graduates eventually to actually killing, and that is what gets him caught.<br /><br />like i said, a very strange movie that is dark and very slow as werner pochath never talks and just spends his time drinking blood.being a long-time fan of japanese film, i expected more than this. i can't really be bothered to write to much, as this movie is just so poor. the story might be the cutest romantic little something ever, pity i couldn't stand the awful acting, the mess they called pacing, and the standard "quirky" japanese story. if you've noticed how many japanese movies use characters, plots and twists that seem too "different", forcedly so, then steer clear of this movie. seriously, a 12-year old could have told you how this movie was going to move along, and that's not a good thing in my book.<br /><br />fans of "beat" takeshi: his part in this movie is not really more than a cameo, and unless you're a rabid fan, you don't need to suffer through this waste of film.<br /><br />2/10"tokyo eyes" tells of a 17 year old japanese girl who falls in like with a man being hunted by her big bro who is a cop. this lame flick is about 50% filler and 50% talk, talk, and more talk. you'll get to see the less than stellar cast of three as they talk on the bus, talk and play video games, talk and get a haircut, talk and walk and walk and talk, talk on cell phones, hang out and talk, etc. as you read subtitles waiting for something to happen. the thin wisp of a story is not sufficient to support a film with low end production value, a meager cast, and no action, no romance, no sex or nudity, no heavy drama...just incessant yadayadayada'ing. (c-)wealthy horse ranchers in buenos aires have a long-standing no-trading policy with the crawfords of manhattan, but what happens when the mustachioed latin son falls for a certain crawford with bright eyes, blonde hair, and some perky moves on the dance floor? 20th century-fox musical has a glossy veneer yet seems a bit tatty around the edges. it is very heavy on the frenetic, gymnastic-like dancing, exceedingly thin on story. betty grable (an eleventh hour replacement for alice faye) gives it a boost, even though she's paired with leaden don ameche (in tan make-up and slick hair). also good: charlotte greenwood as betty's pithy aunt, a limousine driver who's constantly asleep on the job, and carmen miranda playing herself (who else?). the stock shots of argentina far outclass the action filmed on the fox backlot, and some of the supporting performances are quite awful. by the time of the big horserace finale, most viewers will have had enough. *1/2 from ****cage plays a drunk and gets high critically praise. elizabeth shue actually has to do a love seen with the most unattractive and overrated piece of dung flesh in hollywood. i literally vomited while watching this film. of course i had the flu, but that does not mean this film did not contribute to the vomit in the kamode. <br /><br />why can't nick cage play something he can really pull off like a bad actor. nick cage who be brilliant in a role as a bad actor. heck nobody could do it better.<br /><br />the search begins for nick's contract with lucifer or was it lou cipher from "night train to terror".first of all, i would like to say that i am a fan of all of the actors that appear in this film and at the time that i rented it, i wanted to like it.<br /><br />i think that the main reason that i was so disappointed was that the outside box promised me a suspense thriller. in my eyes, a suspense thriller for british movies is like something out of a ruth rendell novel, something that has a lot of dark twist and turns and leaves the viewer with an ending that is unlikely to be forgotten anytime soon.<br /><br />this movie started out with the promising note of being such a film. we have our main character, that suspects a man that he does not like, of being involved in a hit and run that killed the husband of one of his servants.his notions prove to be right, but the idea that his wife might be involved, does not occur to him until that she confesses to him that she was a part of the crime.<br /><br />the elements of a good suspense thriller were in place, at this point, but from there, i felt that the film took a different direction and became almost some sort of a mild soap opera about who wants to be with who and what the love of a real relationship is. the film might have been enjoyable to me, if the outside box had talked of a twisted lover's triangle and had not been labeled as suspense thriller.this seemed to be more of a soap opera story and the beginning setting seemed to be a mild distraction to the true content of the film. i felt like this film could have done a whole lot better than it did. i felt like it kept leading the viewer up to a big event that never materialized. so, i have to give it a lower rating than i would have liked to and say that it fell short of my expectations.so tell me - what serious boozer drinks budweiser? how many suicidally-obsessed drinkers house a fully stocked and barely touched range of drinks in their lonely motel room that a millionaire playboy's bachelor-pad bar would be proud to boast? and what kind of an alcoholic tends to drink with the bottle held about 8 inches from his hungry mouth so that the contents generally spill all over his face? not to mention wasting good whisky by dousing your girlfriend's tits with it, just so the cinema audience can get a good eyeful of elisabeth shue's assets.<br /><br />cage seems to be portraying the most attention-seeking look-at-me alcoholic ever to have graced the screen while shue looks more like a berkely preppy slumming it for a summer than some seasoned street-walker. she is humiliated and subjugated as often as possible in this revolting movie with beatings, skin lacerations, anal rape and graphic verbal abuse - all of it completely implausible and included apparently only to convey a sense of her horribly demeaned state and offer the male viewers an astonishingly clichã©d sentimental sexual fantasy of the 'tart-with-a-heart'.<br /><br />still - i did watch it to the end, by which time i was actually laughing out loud as shue's tough street hooker chopped carrots in the kitchen wanly, pathetically smiling while cage - all eyes popping and shaking like like a man operating a road drill in an earthquake - grimaced and mugged his way through the final half-hour...a big disappointment for what was touted as an incredible film. incredibly bad. very pretentious. it would be nice if just once someone would create a high profile role for a young woman that was not a prostitute. <br /><br />we don't really learn anything about this character, except that he seems to be a hopeless alcoholic. we don't know why. nicholas cage turns in an excellent performance as usual, but i feel that this role and this script let him down. and how, after not being able to perform for the whole film, can he have an erection on his deathbed? really terrible and i felt like i needed a bath.this film is absolutely appalling and awful. it's not low budget, it's a no budget film that makes ed wood's movies look like art. the acting is abysmal but sets and props are worse then anything i have ever seen. an ordinary subway train is used to transport people to the evil zone of killer mutants, woddy strode has one bullet and the fight scenes are shot in a disused gravel pit. there is sadism as you would expect from an 80s italian video nasty. no talent was used to make this film. and the female love interest has a huge bhind- italian taste maybe. even for 80s italian standards this film is pretty damn awful but i guess it came out at a time when there weren't so many films available on video or viewers weren't really discerning. this piece of crap has no entertainment value whatsoever and it's not even funny, just boring and extremely cheap. it's actually and insult to the most stupid audience. i just wonder how on earth an actor like woody strode ended up ia a turkey like this?here's a decidedly average italian post apocalyptic take on the hunting/killing humans for sport theme ala the most dangerous game, turkey shoot, gymkata and the running man.<br /><br />certainly the film reviewed here is nowhere near as much fun as the other listed entries and is furthermore dragged down by poor voice over work, generally bland action sequences, a number of entirely tasteless scenes such as a prolonged rape sequence and some truly stupid and illogical points throughout.<br /><br />take for example towards the end of the film, when our hero manages to infiltrate the compound of the villains. he initially kills a sentry and leaves him in his jeep. upon discovery of the said corpse, the villains response? (bearing in mind that our hero has come to brutally murder them all) â? they resolve to wait until the next morning to look for the culprit (!!!!!!!!!!)<br /><br />however, i suppose to be fair the film remains nonetheless about watchable if you can suspend your disbelief during such stupid scenes and does benefit immensely by the presence of the always excellent woody strode (even if his screen time is very limited)<br /><br />not a classic by any stretch of the imagination but still just about worthy of a watch for italian b-movie enthusiasts.at the bottom end of the apocalypse movie scale is this piece of pish called 'the final executioner'.. at least where i come from. a bloke is trained by an ex-cop to seek vengeance on those that killed his woman and friends in cold blood.. and that's about it. lots of fake explosions and repetitive shootings ensue. has one of the weirdest array of costumes i've seen in a film for a while, and a massive fortress which is apparently only run by 7 people. great job on the dubbing too guys(!) best moment: when our hero loses a swordfight and is about to be skewered through the neck, he just gets out his gun and bang! why not do that earlier? it's a mystery. as is why anyone would want to sit through this in the first place. i'm still puzzling over that one myself now.. 2/10earth has been destroyed in a nuclear holocaust. well, parts of the earth, because somewhere in italy, a band of purebred survivors--those without radioactive contamination--are holed up in a massive mansion surrounded by lush grounds, waiting for the next opportunity to go hunting for those with polluted blood. the final executioner is the story of one of their would be victims, alan (william mang, who looks, not surprisingly, a lot like kurt russell), and his efforts to take down the legally sanctioned hunters, who are led by edra (marina costa) and erasmus (harrison muller jr. ). alan has been trained to kill by former nypd cop sam (woody strode) who mostly hangs around giving his pupil moral support and mooching for tinned meat. strode is by far the best thing about the film, though he doesn't look at all well and only appears for about a third of the running time. as for the story, it's a blending of elements from better films and stories, including ten little indians, the most dangerous game, and escape from new york. the final executioner moves along at a fair pace and provides reasonable entertainment for less discriminate action fans.many people are standing in front of the house n some women are crying... men standing in close groups and speaking in hushed up tone... a couple of guys come in and they are discussing how sexy the daughter might look today... soon u will know someone in the house has died... the dead person's wife is worried about preparing food for so many people, her friend sitting beside her gives an idea of making the matters easy by preparing simple roti sabji... one of the dead person's son is speaking with someone over the mobile, daughter is busy with her makeup... her mother suggests her to wear salwar kameej, but the daughter is more interested in looking good when so many people will be visiting their house and hence prefers jeans and t shirt over salwar kameez... another son asks her mom to finish all the kriyas and also indicates to her that he should not be expected to come early from the office... then the camera slowly focuses on the dead person... the white cloth covering the face is displaced slightly due to the wind, revealing the face ... its anupam kher... suddenly alarm rings and he gets up from the bed... is it his dream or a flash back? u won't get an answer until the end of the movie...well, this is wat comedy is for the director dibakar banerjee!!!!! later u find out this scene has nothing to do with the actual movie and hence making everything obvious that the still described earlier was a dream. is this a film comedy? well it is supposed to belong to that category... but it actually does not!!! there is nothing that can be remotely associated with comedy in the movie!!! more over the director gives the message that no one will get justice from police!!! so everyone must cheat the cheats!!!! or forget about justice!!!! music by bapi-tutul & dhruv dhalla is ok... nothing much to tell about other sectors... bad script destroys everything... not even anupam kher's performance succeeds in making it at least a paisa vasool...new york family is the last in their neighborhood to get a television set, which nearly ruins david niven's marriage to mitzi gaynor. bedroom comedy that rarely ventures into the bedroom(and nothing sexy happens there anyway). gaynor as an actress has about as much range as an oven--she turns on, she turns off. film's sole compensation is a supporting performance by perky patty duke, pre-"miracle worker", as niven's daughter. she's delightful; "happy anniversary" is not. * from ****the best thing about "the prey" is the tag line..."it's not human and it's got an axe"! the movie itself is a padded stinkaroo....endless insect and wildlife shots make the viewer wanna die! no slasher fan will like this garbage.....watch "friday the 13th" again and burn any copy of this film you find! <br /><br />it also rates as one of the 25 worst films ever made!this is truly, without exaggerating, one of the worst slasher movies ever made. i know, it came out in the 80's following a tendency started by "friday the 13th". "the prey" copies the fore-mentioned movie in many aspects. the woods setting, the killer, the dumb teens, the gore, etc.<br /><br />but "the prey" is as bad as you might expect. i didn't even remember about it if it wasn't for coincidence.<br /><br />well, the killer is in fact human so don't expect a supernatural killer in the likes of jason. the situations rather boring and lack of tension, gore, violence, etc. it just does not works for a slasher flick.<br /><br />the acting is simply horrid. the score is horrible! a combination of boring instruments with cheesy 80's tunes?! i won't even mention the technical aspects of the movie because believe me, it seems that it cost only 20 dollars.<br /><br />please avoid this one like the plague. it's one of the worst movies i've ever seen, and that's something to say. thank god it seems to have vanished from earth.i'm a huge fan of both emily watson (breaking the waves) and tom wilkinson (normal) and was amused to see them upstaged by rupert everett (dellamorte dellamore) in this shockingly rather minor movie that had all the ingredients to be so much more. the too brief scenes in which he portrays a languid, infinitely entitled, worthless son of a rich lord are spot-on and entertaining. but for a love triangle there was remarkably little chemistry to speak of between anyone. the music was annoyingly movie-of-the-week quality, and the voice-over jarring and totally unnecessary. clearly the work of a first-time director with a small budget who either lacked or didn't sufficiently heed good advice. too bad.<br /><br />i can appreciate how the people you kind of hate at the beginning are the ones you kind of like at the end, and vice-versa, so there is some sort of character arc, at least in terms of perception. for example, watson's character, while refreshingly honest to her husband about her feelings for another man, began to grate on me near the end, particularly when she announced to her husband that she simply had absolutely no control over her actions, and later when she simply declared that she would be moving back into their marital flat, with no asking of permission, no apologies offered. and i went from disliking wilkinson's control freak / moral relativist character to sort of understanding him and not really wanting him to change (unlike his wife).<br /><br />this movie awkwardly morphed from a whodunit to a "love story" or "steel magnolias" illness drama without sufficiently informing me of the fact, so i was left distractedly guessing what the next plot twist might be long after they had all been revealed (was it the lord driving the car? the lord's dog?). the scene where the lord visits wilkinson and relates how brave watson is, the bestest nurse any dying boyfriend could ever ask for, florence nightingale incarnate, etc. was ok until he started over-the-top sobbing like a baby. good god! if you ask me she's just another flitty rich person with way too much time on her hands, and so she drives her hard working, well providing spouse crazy with unnecessary drama. her screwing around was just another way to occupy her empty life; the dying guy thing was an added bonus for her as it somehow made her previous actions completely above reproach.<br /><br />look, everyone would have been better off if wilkinson had just left her for his secretary, who seemed to appreciate him for who he was. instead he acted like an abused dog, his open craving for his wife's affection increasing with every kick she gives him. i'm not anti pc or anything, it just didn't ring true, even after taking into account all of the harsh realities of middle age we all tend to face. the ending for me was (and not the director's intention i am certain) depressing. the movie spent the last 80 minutes convincing me that these two people just don't belong together, so i found no joy in the promise of their relationship continuing. i'm not above wanting my emotions manipulated by a story, it just has to be somewhat plausible and not hackneyed. is that asking too much?<br /><br />my score: 4/10sure, most of the slasher films of the 1980's were not worth the<br /><br />celluloid they were filmed on, but this video nightmare may well be<br /><br />the dullest produced.<br /><br />six horny pot smoking students decide to go camping. of course,<br /><br />and you know this already, they begin getting killed one by one by a<br /><br />mysterious stranger. the climax has a hunky forest ranger trying to<br /><br />get to the teens in time before the last cute girl becomes buzzard<br /><br />bait.<br /><br />john carl buechler, my least favorite b-movie guy, did the lousy<br /><br />makeup effects here. the cast features carel struycken, of "the<br /><br />witches of eastwick" and the addams family movies. sadly, he<br /><br />does not pop up until the very end of the film, and is covered in<br /><br />burn makeup, rendering him unrecognizable. steve bond (anyone<br /><br />remember him?) is here in an early role as a victim.<br /><br />brown's direction, and the script he cowrote, both smell like the<br /><br />presents brown bears leave in the woods. he pads the film with<br /><br />so much stock wilderness footage, i thought i accidentally rented a<br /><br />special episode of mutual of omaha's wild kingdom. much of the<br /><br />cast sits around the campfire and eats, then walk, and sit and eat<br /><br />again. the forest ranger is involved in the strangest scene ever put<br /><br />in a slasher film: he tells a joke about a wide mouthed frog to a<br /><br />baby deer. jackie coogan, who must have forgot he once worked<br /><br />with the legends of silent cinema, has two scenes, and is involved<br /><br />in the second strangest scene ever put in a slasher film: he and<br /><br />the hunky forest ranger have a conversation about cucumber and<br /><br />cream cheese sandwiches on oatmeal bread...yeah.<br /><br />there is not one minute of suspense here. the killer, a forest fire<br /><br />survivor looking for a mate, watches the students from behind<br /><br />trees. we know it is the killer because the film makers have<br /><br />dubbed in a heart beat sound effect that helpfully serves to wake<br /><br />the viewer up every few minutes. skip this pile of pine sap and rent<br /><br />"halloween," instead.<br /><br />this is rated (r) for physical violence, mild gun violence, gore,<br /><br />some profanity, brief female nudity, mild sexual content, sexual<br /><br />references, and drug abuse.i think that would have been a more appropriate title for this film, since it is padded to hell and back with stock footage of various bugs and animals. i recently found the prey in its original vhs 'big box' form and was very excited. i just love finding old slasher films on vhs because the cover artwork is fantastic. usually though, it turns out that the film itself is less than fantastic. the prey is one of those films.<br /><br />to be fair, it started off ok, with the killer stalking the clichã© teenagers in the woods. the heartbeat sounds used are a great effect that make you tense as you watch. this film is basically a big fat clichã©, and when the "campfire stories" section rolls in, the film takes a new direction and spends almost half of the running time on the back-story of the killer. i actually thought this was quite an original idea. however, the back-story ends abruptly and shows us some stock-footage of a burning woodland (the lack of budget really starts to show now). after this, we are returned to the dumb teenagers being picked off in the woods. the killer himself isn't shown until the end, which is a shame because he actually makes an effective looking killer. sort of like cropsy from the burning, but better. as for gore, there isn't too much, although there's an ok face squishing moment at the end. <br /><br />overall, i wouldn't recommend this film to anyone other than slasher completists - it really is a big mess.1980 was certainly a year for bad backwoods slasher movies. "friday the 13th" and "the burning" may have been the best ones but there were like always a couple of stinkers not far behind like "don't go into the woods alone" and this one. but in all fairness "the prey" is nowhere near as bad as "don't go into the woods" but it's still not great either. one thing is that it's just boring and acting isn't very good but much better than "dgitw" and this movie actually has some attractive looking females to look at, all three of the female leads were stunning. one thing what is up with all that pointless wildlife footage it just seemed pointless and it looked as the director used that to just used that to fill up some time space.<br /><br />so, what was there to like about this movie? well, there were a few laugh out loud cheese moments- i couldn't contain a fit of giggles when the final girl did a bizarre type of backwards moon-walk to get away from the kille and there were a few good kill scenes- my favourites being the girl suffocated to death with the sleeping bag; and the phoney looking.<br /><br />all in all the prey is dumb, boring and the killer i didn't find scary at all, this movie could have been a whole lot better.everything everyone has said already pretty much rings true when it comes to 'the prey'. endless nature footage, bad acting - aside from these elements, this is a watchable film for slasher fans that in some cases, is considered a cult classic.<br /><br />jackson bostwick and jackie coogan play pretty well off each other. there's also a three minute banjo solo that shows off bostwick's skill behind the instrument. not too bad if i do say so myself.<br /><br />the last ten minutes of the 'film' are its saving grace. the ending still haunts me to this day. this can also sport a short lived plus in that an early john carl bucheler does the special effects. some may know him from films like 'troll' and 'friday the 13th part 7 - he directed both these films) all in all, this isn't a movie everyone will find something redeeming in. in fact, on a hollywood level, this can rank right up there with one of the businesses most amateurish efforts, but for that handful (yet very loyal) of slasher movie fans in the world, even the bad acting and atrocious nature footage can be forgiven.uhhh ... so, did they even have writers for this? maybe i'm picky, but i like a little dialog with my movies. and, as far as slasher films go, just a sliver of character development will suffice.<br /><br />unfortunately, the prey provides neitherâ?and if you think i'm being hyperbolic, you'll just have to see it for yourself. scene after scene, we just get actors standing around, looking forlorn and awkward, abandoned by any sense of a script. outside of calling out each other's names when they get separated in the woods (natch), the only instances where these people say something substantive is when one character explains the constellation orion (clearly plagiarized from funk & wagnalls; scintillating slasher fare, no?) and another rehashes an old campfire tale that doesn't even have anything to do with the plot (wait, what is the plot?) at other times, the prey actually has the gall to film its characters with the boom mic just far away enough so that we can't exactly hear what they're saying. so we get entire scenes wherein the actors are murmuring! deliberately! seriously, i've seen more dialog in a silent film. it's as if the filmmakers sat down at a bar somewhere in rancho cucamonga in the heyday of the '80s slasher craze and one looked at the other and said, "hey, i gotta really sweet idea for a gory decapitation gag. let's somehow pad an entire feature around it." and ... well, they did. <br /><br />to be fair, the prey probably had some sort of writer on board. i mean, somebody had to jot down the scene sequence and label the dailies. however, i am fully convinced that this film did not have an editor of any kind whatsoever. there are glaring pauses, boring tableaux, and zero sense of pacing throughout. the filmmakers don't have anything else in the "script" to film, so they fill out the running time with exhaustive taxonomies of the flora and fauna that inhabit the forest in which our wild and crazy teens are getting sliced and diced. these critters are all filmed in straightforward, noontime daylight in a completely reserved fashion and with no attempt at atmospheric photography. if it feels like a science film, that's because it is. i'm pretty sure this is all nature show stock footageâ?all that's missing is a stuffy narration from some national geographic alderman.<br /><br />more exciting footage that was graciously spared from the cutting room floor: a scene in which two men discuss cucumber and cream cheese sandwiches, and another scene wherein a supporting character strums away on a banjo for what feels like an entire minute-and-a- half! a minute-and-a-half! that's a lot of banjoing to commit to celluloid to begin with, let alone insert into the final cut of the film! way to go, guys! brevity and concision are the real victims of this slaughterfest.<br /><br />admittedly, the film picks up quite a bit of steam (comparatively) in the last 25 minutes, into which much of the carnage is condensed and where a rip-off of bã©la bartã³k's "music for strings, percussion and celesta" cuts in. vaudeville great jackie coogan makes a fun appearance as a tubby, bumbly park ranger (this was his last role, if you can believe it). and there are some nice gory moments, including a splattery neck tearing and the aforementioned decapitation. the make-up used for the killer (carel struycken, aka "lurch" from the addams family movies) is also quite effective, and makes him look like a strange hybrid of young jason voorhees and freddy krueger. plus, if you love wacky, straight-outta-left-field endings, you need to check out how they wrap this puppy up. you'll do a spit take, i promise.<br /><br />usually, i love films that are on this level of ineptitude, but the first three-quarters of the prey are just so interminably boring that they pretty much spoil the rest. overall, this is a largely pallid and tedious affair, and, while it ain't all bad, it should really only be seen by debilitated slasher completists. why do we do this to ourselves, anyway?oh yeah, this one is definitely a strong contender to win the questionable award of "worst 80's slasher ever made". "the prey" has got everything you usually want to avoid in a horror flick: a routine, derivative plot that you've seen a thousand times before (and better), insufferable characters and terrible performances, a complete lack of gore and suspense, fuzzy photography and unoriginal locations and â? most irritating of all â? the largest amount of pointless padding footage you've ever encountered in your life (and that's not an exaggeration but a guarantee!). apart from the seemingly endless amount of national geographic stock footage, which i'll expand upon later, this film is shameless enough to include a complete banjo interlude (!) and two occasions where characters tell dillydally jokes that aren't even remotely funny! the set-up is as rudimentary as it gets, with the intro showing images of a devastating forest fire with ott voice-over human screams. fast forward nearly forty years later, when an elderly couple out camping in that same area get axe-whacked by something that breathes heavily off-screen. this ought to be enough information for you to derive that someone survived the fire all these years ago and remained prowling around ever since. enter three intolerable twenty something couples heading up to the danger zone with exclusively sex on their minds, unaware of course they are sitting ducks for the stalking and panting killer. "the prey" is an irredeemable boring film. apparently it was shot in 1978 already, but nobody wanted to distribute it up until 1984 and it isn't too hard to see why. in case you would filter out all the content that is actually relevant, this would only be a short movie with a running time of 30 minutes; possibly even less. there's an unimaginably large of nature and wildlife footage, sometimes of animals that i think don't even live in that type of area, and they seem to go on forever. the only thing missing, in fact, is the typical national geographic narration providing educational information regarding the animals' habits. animals in their own natural biotope are undeniably nice to look at, but not in a supposedly vile and cheesy 80's slasher movie, for crying out loud. the last fifteen minutes are finally somewhat worthwhile, with some potent killing sequences and fine make-up effects on the monster (who turns out to be lurch from "the addams family" movies), but still silliness overrules â? the scene with the vultures is too stupid â? and the final shot is just laugh-out-loud retarded. as mentioned above, "the prey" easily makes my own personal list of worst 80's slashers, alongside "appointment with fear", "berserker", "deadly games", "don't go in the woods", "hollow gate", "the stay awake" and "curfew".supercraptastic slasher fare, which feels overly long at 80 minutes. years ago, a bunch of "gypsies" who lived in the caves of a mountain, were burned up in a forest fire. years later, campers are going missing from the area of the fire. a bunch of horny kids are, of course, en route to this area for a debaucherous camping trip of there own. despite an ominous welcome from the forest ranger (jackson bostwick) the kids troop up to the mountain any way. before long, the kids start to get picked off by the monster, who remains unseen to the very end of the movie, probably because the makeup was so embarrassingly bad. no surprises to speak of: they get killed in the exact order that the formula for these movies dictates, leaving the "final girl" to fend for herself, although in a refreshingly downbeat denouement, the final girl ends up imprisoned and impregnated by the monster.<br /><br />the story itself couldn't hold the weight of feature length, so it was padded out by seemingly endless shots of wildlife and insects, which were obviously shot for another film and inserted here haphazardously as a means of making the movie long enough for a video release. on the plus side, the wildlife footage is rather nice. also among the highlights are bostwick talking to a baby deer, a decent rock-climbing death sequence, ok gore, and the great jackie coogan in his final film role, as the bumbling local sheriff. this is a far cry from charlie chaplin, but it was still nice to see him. this is for slasher completists only.even by the lowered standards of '80s slasher movies, this one stinks. the usual gaggle of oversexed teens heads for a "forbidden" part of forest, which burned in the 1940s and apparently left a sole angry survivor. fast forward (actually, you'll want to fast-forward through much of this mess) to the present day, where a couple of campers are butchered; the teens follow in their wake, while a semi-concerned park ranger (a sleepwalking jackie coogan) and his healthier cohort (who spins a lot of time tuning his banjo) succeed partially in steering our attention from yards of run-of-the-mill nature-footage padding. finally, more killings--but nothing you haven't seen a zillion times before. if you want to see the kids butchered, opt for sleepaway camp or the first friday the 13th over thisfoolish hikers go camping in the utah mountains only to run into a murderous, disfigured gypsy. <br /><br />the prey is a pretty run of the mill slasher film, that mostly suffers from a lack of imagination. the victim characters are all-too-familiar idiot teens which means one doesn't really care about them, we just wonder when they will die! not to mention it has one too many cheesy moments and is padded with endless, unnecessary nature footage. however it does have a few moments of interest to slasher fans, the occasional touch of spooky atmosphere, and a decent music score by don peake. still, it's business as usual for dead-camper movies.<br /><br />there are much better films in this vein, but over all the prey may be watchable enough for die-hard slasher fans. although one might be more rewarded to watch just before dawn (1981), wrong turn (2003), or even the final terror (1983) again.<br /><br />* 1/2 out of ****rented 3 bad movies to watch with my friends in my dorm room.<br /><br />leprechaun 4, jack frost and the prey.<br /><br />i picked up jack and lep 4 because they are well known bad movies i have never seen.<br /><br />i picked this movie out because it matched the "how to find a bad movie" guide on badmovies.org, no real description, no pics of the movie on the back, and i had never heard of it, had to be a winner :)<br /><br />(spoilers, but this movie is so awful it doesn't matter :p)<br /><br />this is a true bad movie, lep 4 and jack frost are dumb on purpose, this is dumb despite the best efforts of the cast and crew.<br /><br />this "movie" starts out much like evil dead, even the actors look similar and have the same style of dress. unlike evil dead it never gains any speed at all. for a "slasher" movie it is pretty bland, in 80 minutes 6 people get killed, but these are spread apart so far it becomes quickly boring.<br /><br />the director threw in a lot of boring shots on animals hunting, obviously to go along with the whole "prey" theme but they do nothing to advance the story and are quite boring. the gore is horrible. all these extra shots were to make up for lack of a script and story.<br /><br />the last 5 minutes of the movie are shot mostly in slow motion, yet another way to add length to this. the "climax" is such a total joke, its hard to laugh at it is so bad. the back of the box says "the ending will shock and haunt you." yes it will, it will shock you that someone could put such a bad "plot twist" on film and "haunt" you because you won't believe you paid to watch this crap.<br /><br />also the tagline is "its not human, and it's got an axe!" one person is killed with an axe in the whole movie and it is off screen.<br /><br />a true 1 out of 10. i love laughing at bad movies, but this one is so bad that it even lacks campy qualities. no bad movie night is compete without a true character building flick :pi was pulled into this movie early on, much to my surprise, because i hadn't intended to watch it at all. now i wish i hadn't. the suspense starts out well, with the hit-and-run resulting in death and the question of whether the guilty character will confess, or be found out, or (doable now, though a no-no in the old days of movie-making) get away with it. the plot's been done before--what plot hasn't--but the tensions inherent in it, with the additional complications and motivations arising out of the illicit love affair, make for an absorbing first half. then the film abandons the hit-and-run to embark upon a misty exposition of two unrequited, all-suffering loves. the two tracks of plot--hit-and-run and unreasoning love--just don't have enough to do with each other, and that they involve the same characters doesn't bind them enough to justify the departure from the original story line. the screenwriter should have chosen one plot or the other. at the end of the film, in the midst of the movie's second funeral, i found myself thinking, "now, what does any of this have to do with that hit-and-run?" the filmmakers may think the answer obvious, but i think the movie was plotted and executed flabbily.the prey has an interesting history, unless you remember the ads for it in newspapers in june of 1984 you might have caught it on the movie channel back in summer 85, but little else is remembered. the plot is your basic killer in the woods again. but ironically this was filmed before friday the 13th. the prey was actually shot sometime in 1978 according to one of the actors in an interview years later. but released for about a week at some drive ins, (yes jim, namans drive in showed this in june of 84). but it has a dated look to it. maybe they released it so later on to cash in on all the other terror films the market was flooded with by 1984. now on the story, it has some kind of back story, a forest fire back in the 1940's leaves a lot of gypsies burned to death. but one of their children survive (our monster) so flash forward to present day which would be 1978, we have an older middle age couple camping only to be dispatched by the monster. the tag line for this picture claims its not human, and its got an axe, but an axe was only used in these first two killings. now we have a bunch of teenagers who look like they in their mid 20's camping. we all know they are the prey, and the monster knocks them of one by one. for an 80 minute movie it seems longer. we also have a lot of wildlife footage to fill in voids for the 80 mins. overall for being out into an 80-'s horror movie it looks way more 70's than ever. hey the prey had potential to be a good horror killer in the woods movie but falls a little short.. it does however feature a pretty scary cool looking monster at the end, and we have to wait till the last 2 minutes to see him. side note, the monster has gone on to star in the addams family movies in the 1990's..all the criticisms of this movie are quite valid! it is pretty boring, and filled with all kinds of pointless ridiculous stuff. a couple exchanging nods over their "good grub." a medium shot of a desk as a phone rings until someone finally comes, sits down, and answers it at a pretty leisurely pace. quadruple-takes or more when people look at things. solitary banjo-tuning and playing, taking a break for a beer. telling a joke to a fawn, about a big-mouthed frog trying to learn what to feed its babies, complete with many big-mouthed expressions (which are needed for the weak punchline). the sharing of cucumber and cream cheese sandwiches on oatmeal bread, which to the squeamish become unpalatable when there's talk of people burned in a fire. lots of seemingly stock-footage close-up shots of animals, birds, insects, and spiders in the woods.<br /><br />the movie starts with a forest fire, then at least a couple decades later some people in those same woods get killed by an axe. the killer evidently wasn't too satisfied by the axe he stole, and kills other people with other weapons of opportunity or his bare hands.<br /><br />if it's true that the movie in the version available on the out-of-print videotape is cut, perhaps if there's a lot of footage that was cut, it deserves another look on dvd. otherwise, it's simply not very interesting, and would probably try the patience of even the most hardcore outdoors-slasher fan.i walked into a book store in brentwood, tennessee. i am not going to say the name because i am a dedicated customer. i have been satisfied with every item i purchased there before this one. on display in the front of the store was the bell witch haunting. (might i mention this is the only store i have seen it for sale in.) i had heard about the story somewhere and remembered it was supposed to have really happened for real. i was very excited and couldn't wait to watch it. i had great expectations for it. i couldn't believe what i seen when i viewed it. it didn't look like a real movie. it looked like a home video. i was under the impression it was suppose to be a horror movie. i mean the movie was suppose to be about a witch haunting you know. this is no horror movie. you will not jump out of your seat watching this movie. i gave the movie all the chances in the world to get better as it went along. i swear i did. it never did get any better. there were several scenes of this little kid getting poop and pee thrown on him. i didn't find that entertaining at all. i watched the whole movie with disbelief that the store would actually sell this to me. i guess that is how bad this economy has got. i have this to say to the cast and crew. do not show this film as material to get other film jobs. don't do it. i mean that sincerely. i commend you for trying. for people who have bought this. i say this. don't sell your copy to someone. they could get very upset. have a nice day everyone.thank god i didn't buy this movie myself! i borrowed it from a friend who bought it out of sheer curiosity and of course after viewing it feel they should be reimbursed! this has got to be one of the worse movies i've ever seen! i do realize they couldn't have had much of a budget but i swear i could make a better movie than this staring my pets! the acting was horrible, so was the editing, the dialogue, everything! it was so bad that it was seriously making me angry as i watched it! i'm looking forward to the real movie about this story coming out soon so that people curious about it don't have to stoop to watch this joke!i saw this movie with my girlfriend. it was a total disaster. you can really see it was cheaply made. badly scripted and with very bad acting. i have read several versions of the book by different authors and also listened to one version on audio book. we couldn't take the movie seriously because of the lacking elements it should have contained. the experience of watching this was like the blair witch visits green acres. then there were parts that were vulgar. they show this little boy using a bed pan and they actually show the contents of it. the witch throws the contents of it on the boy and the whole family laughs. i thought it was nasty and very strange. i really can't understand why someone would think that would be entertaining. it shows another scene where dr. mize arrives and betsy bell is urinating in her dress on the steps of their house in front of her mother and brothers. instead of the mother leading her off it is the brother. how sick? the little boy in the first scene of the many scenes dealing with how your body disposes of wastes begs for toilet paper and goes to the out house and makes these sickening faces of joy with sound effects. i think they should have left all of that out. the makeup on the reverend james johnston as a older man didn't really make you assume he was older. it made you think he was dipped in fish batter. the blood on joshua gardner when he falls from the ladder is even worse. the john bell death scene looks like they got out flour and tried to do something with it to make him look as a serious sick man. to me to much sickening comedy with bathroom problems and inexperienced people involved was the downfall of this picture. these people would do better if they film commercials for local tv stations for bathroom products. they chose a good subject and were unable to produce it in a correct manner. i rate this film capital f minus.if anyone tells you this picture is just terrific they probably have something to do with either making it or profiting from it. this film is a real loser and it copies situations from big budget horror movies and not to mention soundtracks to. i wouldn't recommend this one to my worst enemy. it is a low budget movie with amateur actors. it looks like it was filmed for a film contest. the acting is terrible and it wouldn't surprise me if the script was written by a hee haw script writer. my family laughed at it. a grade zzzzzzzzzzzzz all the way. you won't be scared by this one. here is one little taste of the terrible elements of this film. when the guy gets his toe stomped by ric white's stupid portrayal of the reverend james johnston walking cane. the guys reactions are like if he had an amputation with no pain killer. watch the dvd extras after you watch the movie. when you see ric white and others talk so seriously about the movie you will laugh till your stomach hurts. how people will stretch the truth and what they will do to earn a dishonest buck. don't get fooled like we did and buy this failure.are you kidding me? this is quite possibly the worst, amateur movie i've ever seen. the casting was horrible, the acting was worse than horrible and i'm sorry, the guy at the picnic speed loading his plate full of food was somewhere near pointless and the demonic turd and chamber pot chasing drew around was nothing more than comical. when i herd about the bell witch, i wanted to believe. i read some literature on it and thought it sounded like it was possible a plausible story. but this movie just destroyed that. ric white (director, writer, lead actor, etc) takes himself a bit too seriously and i think he gives himself a little more credit than he deserves....do yourself a favor....skip this one.in addition to the fact that this is just an abysmally made film (imagine giving a camcorder to the average high school drama club) the people who think that there is anything "real" about this legend need to grow up. this is the 21st century. guess what: ghosts don't exist. most people learn that from their mother when they're about 5 years old. you guys seriously need to grow up.<br /><br />the fact that a fraud was perpetrated nearly 2 centuries ago does not make it any less a fraud. the fact that a large number of inbred hillbillies from tennessee believe it doesn't do it either. go to college. or at least finish high school.i wanted to like this movie. i really, really did. i was so excited when i saw the preview, which scared the hell out of me. but when i saw the actual film, i was disappointed. the acting is stilted, and the attempts at comedy are woefully out of place and forced. and i'm sorry, but a boy being chased by a turd in a bedpan is not funny or scary, it's just stupid. i grew up on the bell witch legend, so i know quite a bit about it. a lot of facts in the movie are right on target, but this film should have been much better. the entire birthday party scene, for example, lasts about fifteen minutes, adds nothing to the plot or the story, and should have been left on the cutting room floor. a more heavy-handed editor might have been able to get a decent film out of this mess.<br /><br />please understand, i'm not in any way, shape or form involved with the other bell witch movie, and i'm not trying to "attack" this imdb listing. i'm just telling it like it is.i am not understanding why people are praising this movie. i didn't like it at all. i watch it with several people. none of them cared for it either. first of all. it is just plain that another low budget studio is trying to cash in on a big name story. the actual filming looks like a live tv interview. the makeup is bad. when you watch the movie along with the dvd extras. you will see there is a lot of enthusiasm from the people who participated in it. there is no talent. there are facts that do appear in the book. the facts are distorted by the invention of comedy and skits added to it. i have read several books and have watched several shows on this story. what i have always caught from all the material on this is that it was a serious horror story. i really wish someone could really do a good film on this one. it has always fascinated me. the bad acting really ruined the story. the little boys situation really hammed it up even more. when you watch this movie. the little boy and his problem is the thing you and your friends will remember and laugh about. it didn't make any sense why his brothers were laughing at what had happened to him. it was like the witch was supposed to be so threatening but it was ok to throw baby brother to her. it is a whopping tale with him and his little problem. i can't still get over the little girl saying "mom said tobacco will rot your teeth." frank fox's statement and facial expression is so bad. the scene out in the yard with him getting food is pretty stupid to. the sound from parts of it seems to be from the movie psycho. also, the girl hovering over the bed and her little "bladder control problem" are from the exorcist. this movie is lacking from the talent of creativity. we put the movie in for a couple of minutes and knew right away it was a bummer. i also noticed that their was defects in the film quality. parts of it looked like what a person might film on a home video camera. i noticed a lot of the people in the credits had many multiple jobs. this is probably how this movie was put together. someone said i like this story. i will get all my friends and make a movie about with a video camera and a computer. doesn't matter if we don't know how to act. as long as we get it on film and say it is good. we got the family together and prepared food. then sat down and watched this failed attempt to make a movie.this tale of the upper-classes getting their come-uppance and wallowing in their high-class misery is like a contemporary mid-sommerish version of an old joan crawford movie in which she suffered in mink. here, people behave in a frightfully civilized manner in the face of adversity. a well-heeled london solicitor, (tom wilkinson), discovers that not only is his wife having an affair with the local gentry but that she has also killed their housekeeper's husband in a hit-and-run accident. he throws up, but otherwise his stiff-upper-lip hardly quavers.<br /><br />written and directed by julian fellowes, who won an oscar for writing "gosford park", (this is his directorial debut), from a novel by nigel balchin, it's quite comical although i am not sure how much of the comedy is intended. it's like a throw-back to british films of the forties where characters all behaved like characters in books or plays rather than like people might in real life. however, it's not all bad. wilkinson is terrific, even if you never believe in him as a person while emily watson, (the adulterous wife), and rupert everett, (the highly amoral high-class totty), are both very good at covering the cracks in the material. tony pierce-roberts' cinematography ensures that no matter how hard it is on the ear it's always good on the eye.the filmmaker stayed true to the most accurate account of the story published in 1894 which includes an 1846 manuscript by richard williams bell (son of john and lucy bell and younger brother of betsy bell) titled "our family trouble." to knowledge this is the only eyewitness account ever penned. the filmmaker should be credited for accuracy but there is little to say about the production and acting quality. the acting was theatrical and the sound and picture quality was extremely poor. it appears that the filmmaker simply shot scenes of the reported events that took place without incorporating or weaving them into a flowing plot or story line. if you must know the story, read about it, its much more gripping and conclusive.bell witch haunting (aka the haunt) is an american horror movie supposedly based on real events that took place during the period 1817 to 1821.<br /><br />this is not to be confused with bell witch: the movie, a movie starring betsy palmer based on the same events. however, i can say that i wish i had seen this other movie instead of the one i saw! i enjoyed betsy palmer's chilling performance in friday the 13th. as such, i believe that even on a bad day, she'd pull off a better performance than anyone involved in the travesty known as the haunt.<br /><br />with regard to my heading, this movie is not painful to watch because the content is disturbing. it is painful to watch because it is just downright boring.<br /><br />reading the positive reviews for this movie, i could only identify three possibilities. the first possibility - these authors were involved in the production in some way. the second possibility - the authors whilst not directly involved were paid to write positive reviews after production was completed. the final possibility - none of these authors has seen a sufficient number of horror movies and therefore is inexperienced with the concepts that successful attempts utilise.<br /><br />the setting for the plot is robertson county, tennessee. james johnston receives a visit from two journalists eager to hear the story of the bell witch. the story is told as a series of flashbacks. a series of supernatural events begin happening at the home of john bell and his family. it soon transpires that a vengeful spirit is behind it all.<br /><br />on the surface the plot appears to be a standard poltergeist affair, albeit one based on real events.<br /><br />where execution of the brilliant concept is concerned however, just about everything that could go wrong does go wrong. and then some!<br /><br />first, the acting. the acting is almost uniformly terrible right across the board. this factor does the most damage to the production, undermining any possible credibility of belief or interest on the part of the viewer. the voice of the vengeful spirit sounds more like a teenage girl experiencing teenage angst rather than a powerful demonic force expressing malevolent intent. i almost laughed when i heard some of her lines. unfortunately, this voice began to become very annoying very quickly! i may not have been alive in the 1800s, but i find it incredibly hard to believe that any young woman alive at that time would speak in the way that this "ghost" does!<br /><br />second, the direction. the direction is haphazard and very uneven. some scenes show promise but potential is squandered by the clearly inexperienced director. nothing is done with the camera, with sound or with lighting to add intensity to the scenes intended to be scary. the atmosphere is equally flat. a vengeful spirit is supposedly behind supernatural occurrences. yet the effects are so incredibly inept that no one who has seen a proper horror movie would buy into them. i'll give one example. in one scene, the spirit attacks someone. see the scene for yourself. it's almost funny - almost.<br /><br />third, the script. whilst it may be the case that the events shown are faithful to accounts of real occurrences, it cannot be denied that most scenes are incredibly flat and boring. scenes as short as two minutes feel much longer thanks to the poor dialogue - dialogue that fails to add depth to the characters or story. this movie is far too reliant on conversations to advance the story. whilst this style was also the case with british movies from the british horror heyday of the 1960s and 1970s, it cannot be denied that the dialogue exchanges were always interesting to watch in these more professional earlier works. peter cushing for example could read a telephone directory and still hold attention of the viewers. the same cannot be said of the actors in the haunt.<br /><br />finally, the humour. the ill-guided attempts at humour in this movie are excruciating. an obese boy is the butt of many jokes. one particularly awful scene sees the said boy going to the outside toilet. this scene should never have been included - but it is and complete with sound effects in case you fail to understand what he is doing!<br /><br />the only positive points about the movie are the location and the costumes. the decision to shoot the picture near the original location helped add some authenticity. the costumes were also well chosen.<br /><br />overall, the haunt is an appalling movie. it is not even in the "so bad it's good" league. it is instead just boring. i advise everyone to save their money and avoid this movie like the plague. don't even bother seeing it for free!<br /><br />i have never seen the other movie about the bell witch. but it really couldn't be any worse than the haunt. could it? i'll give this other movie a chance if i can track it down.<br /><br />in the meantime, i would advise everyone on here to check out some proper horror movies about ghosts and haunting. the legend of hell house, the changeling, ringu, the grudge (japanese original) and one missed call (japanese original) are good places to start.i love ghost stories and i will sit through a movie til it's end, even if i'm not really enjoying it. i rarely feel like i wasted my time... but, this adaptation of the bell witch story was horrible! <br /><br />it wasn't scary in the least bit. what is with the comic relief moments? the dialog was tedious. acting inconsistent the movie was way too long and some scenes were unnecessarily drawn out in my open. (like the birthday party)<br /><br />the only good think i can think about mentioning is the costumes and props were well done.<br /><br />i am curious about other adaptation, but until then, i will stick to reading about the story.while the premise of the film sounded unique and intriguing after watching the first 5 minutes of the film i could have stopped there and gone on with my life. she does get some interesting comments and reactions from her subjects, but not really enough to add to the validity of the film.<br /><br />i also felt she went a bit overboard with many things. if a guy said a filthy comment, grabbed her, or made some disgusting gesture to her, i would say go for it, bring him down, he's a pig. what bothered me though is she would walk around in revealing clothes and be surprised when guys would look at her and give them hell about it.<br /><br />i think somehow she forgot that being attracted to other people is a part of human sexuality and a big part of who we all are. guys will look at beautiful women, especially when they dress provocatively, just like women will look at men when they are wearing a tight tank or no shirt at all.<br /><br />some women may hate me for this, but i hope not. i have much respect for women. i was raised by one. i also come from a spanish family and we are very matriarchal. my grandmother was the center of my family for years, but i don't really feel this did anything to help women's rights and from what the filmmaker even said herself, some women were offended by her project.if you took all the stock elements of a shrek movie (grumpy ogre, annoying donkey, cute kitty, obligatory dance number, etc.), put them in a blender and condensed it to 20 minutes, you'd have this mess. painful to watch; i may have laughed once. the story and dialogue are rushed beyond comprehension, with the voice actors sounding like they phoned in their lines. the final reworked rendition of "the christmas story" poem felt like it was written by a committee in five minutes. and boy, a little eddie murphy goes a long way. with its desperate attempt to be hip and current, this show will be long outdated and forgotten while classics like "the grinchâ?" will remain timeless. a sad waste of effort by all involved, a veritable "jumping of the shark" for the shrek franchise.i saw this movie yesterday and thought it was awful; it was pointless and just plain stupid. the supposed plot concerned a prospective bridegroom too caught up in the problems of the world to relate to his bride and the other people in his life. he disappears on his wedding day (in a tux no less) and hooks up with an assortment of weirdos.<br /><br />we saw it with a bus-load of people on the way down to atlantic city and everyone agreed that it was a terrible movie. it was trying to be profound but it wasn't; it was stupid and offensive. if i wasn't on a bus i would have walked out on the movie. anyone considering seeing the movie or renting or buying the video you have been forewarned.this is one of those strange, self-important, self-indulgent movies which tries too hard to be profound. it isn't. instead, it spouts cliches that try to pass for profundity. typical is the scene where peter (kelsey grammer) explains to protagonist and best friend adam (dwier brown) how man starts life breast feeding, then moves on to sucking the breast of his girlfriend, and finally his wife, thus concluding ultimately that life sucks. so deep. we are treated to a variety of characters who offer their perspective of life, the universe, etc. during adam's travels through the mojave desert on foot. (he abruptly leaves l.a. the day of his wedding and his family, friends, and fiance assume he's dead when his car was found in a military test range smashed by a rocket.) some characters are more entertaining than others. the best by far is an escapee from a mental hospital who only speaks through the voices of others. the actor, james kevin ward, does some great impressions, including nicholson, popeye, and several characters from the original star trek. but once the interesting characters leave the screen, we're stuck with adam again and his pursuit of the profound. it's a long trip, which drags in many places. in fact, it's the longest hour and a half movie i've ever seen. and the finale hardly makes it seem worth while, at all.<br /><br />i discovered this movie playing on hbo one day by waking up too early and clicking on the tv. that'll learn me. next time i'll try harder to sleep in.this failed exercise in satire or commentary on the human condition easily earned a place as one of the 10 worst movies i've ever seen. i'm seriously considering buying a copy, if i can find one dirt cheap, to chase away unwanted company. it's honestly that bad. i view it as some kind of anti-personnel weapon. if you're the kind of person who just has to see a train wreck to witness the carnage, then this movie is a gem. just to be fair, kelsey grammar's character has 1 line that almost works, but doesn't quite. other than that everything in this movie strives to be insightful, but misses the mark by approximately the distance between earth and the nearest pair of colliding galaxies. i usually can appreciate a book or movie where the protagonist suffers from some sort of existential angst, but the angst presented here is so unbelievable and over the top, and the movie doesn't even address the nonsense it presents in any valuable way. if you are familiar with the term "word vomit" then you may get some picture of the cinematrocity. oh, and the narrative structure is ill conceived, pretentious and amateurish. it has failed on both style and substance. if you really hate someone, invite them over for a double feature of this movie and "the terror of tiny town," an all midget western from the 1930's and put them in restraints with their eyes forced open "a clockwork orange" style. but that probably violates some provision in the geneva conventions.the english translation of the title on the dvd version of this film is "graveyard of horrors," but i think that must be an error. it should have been called "graveyard of horribles." horrible acting, horrible editing, horrible story, and horrible music all make this a horrible film best left in a horrible graveyard.<br /><br />horrible.what if someone made a horror movie that was completely devoid of plot?<br /><br />well, i think it would probably end up a little bit like this one. i don't think i've ever seen a move was so steady it its slide from hackneyed (at the beginning) to complete crap (by the end). i only stuck with it, because i kept thinking it couldn't possibly get worse. well, up until the very end, "necrophagus"/"graveyard of horror" proved me wrong.<br /><br />who would have suspected that a movie with an undead lizard-man, evil grave-robbing cultists, and mad scientists tossed in for no discernible reason could suck this bad? one would think there'd at least be some humor value... but not here.seeing this film for the first time twenty years after its release i don't quite get it. why has this been such a huge hit in 1986? its amateurishness drips from every scene. the jokes are lame and predictable. the sex scenes are exploitative and over the top (that is not to say that miss rudnik does not have nice boobs!). the singing is "schrecklich". the only genuinely funny scene is the big shoot out when the gangsters die break dancing, a trait that dates the movie firmly to the mid-eighties. it's really quite puzzling to me how incapable i am to grasp what evoked the enthusiasm of the cheering audiences in 1986 (and apparently still today, reading my fellow imdbers comments).from time to time it's very advisable for the aristocracy to watch some silent film about the harsh life of the common people in order to remind themselves of the privileges and the comfortable life that they have enjoyed since the beginning of mankind or even beforeâ? in comparison with the complicated and hard work that common people have to endure everyday since the aristocrats rule the world.<br /><br />and that's what happens in "the love light", the first film directed by dame france marion who will be famous afterwards in the silent and talkie world thanks overall to her work as a screenwriter; better for her, certainly, because her career as a film director doesn't impress this german count.<br /><br />the film tells the story of dame angela carlotti ( dame mary pickford ) a merry italian girl who lives surrounded by a "picturesque squalor" ( an important difference of opinion between upper and low classes; aristocrats prefers to live surrounded by "picturesque luxury"â? ); she has two brothers and a secret admirer but all she gives him in return is indifference. destiny begins to work hard and pretty soon war is declared and dame angela's two brothers enlist and in the next reel both are dead. but destiny is even crueller and dame angela meanwhile falls in love withâ? a german!! and to make things worse, she doesn't know that her teutonic sweetie is a spy and that the light signals that she sends to him every night from the lighthouse she maintains thinking that is a love signal, don't mean "ich liebe dich" but "sink any damn italian boat at sea"â?<br /><br />fortunately for dame angela, pretty soon her sweetie german spy will be found by the neighbours in her house in which she was hiding him ( a not strange fact, indeed, because it is not an easy task for a german to go unnoticedâ? ) but the german spy will prefer to die before being captured by those italians.<br /><br />from that german love, a half-teutonic baby will born ( the wicked destiny at full speedâ? ) but a greedy neighbour who has a particular idea of motherhood will carry away her son with the consent of a catholic nun who has taken the council of trent to extremesâ? a fact that will put dame angela at the verge of insanity.<br /><br />but meanwhile dame angela's secret admirer has returned from the war and you can think that finally dame angela's sorrowful life will improve; a tremendous mistake because destiny has in store for her that the returned soldier is blind. but as they say in germany, it may be a blessing in disguise and finally dame angela will recover her son and will start a new life with her blind sweetie in a poor italian village in what it is supposed to be a happy ending for the common people.<br /><br />as this german count said before, it was much better for dame frances marion that she continued her career as a screenwriter, because as can be seen in "the love light", she had a lot of imagination to invent incredible stories, ja wohl!â? but a completely different subject is to direct films and her silent debut lacks emotion and rhythm in spite of the effort of dame pickford to involve the audience with her many disgraces. the nonexistent film narrative causes indifference in the spectator making this the kind of film where only dame pickford herself provides the interest and not her circumstances.<br /><br />and now, if you'll allow me, i must temporarily take my leave because this german count must send morse signals from the schloss north tower to one of his teutonic rich heiress.i had to see this on the british airways plane. it was terribly bad acting and a dumb story. not even a kid would enjoy this. something to switch off if possible.this is a family movie that was broadcast on my local itv station at 1.00 am a couple of nights ago . this might be a strange decision on the part of the schedulers but the real howard spitz is a rather strange film , strange in the way it doesn't want to upset its audience . come on there's nothing kids like more than sadism and that's why roald dahl was such a popular author for children . it also explains why doctor who was such a successful show across the world . in this screenplay you're just dying for pulp fiction author to do something nasty to the kids but this doesn't happen . i'm not advocating child abuse but to see howard spitz lose his rag at the little ones would have made the movie rather better . can you imagine how much worse kindergarten cop would have been if the producers had gone all pc ? i mean if you're making a movie centered around a children's author who hates children shouldn't the story show and not tell ? <br /><br />much of the problem lies with director vadim jean and you do get the feeling he doesn't know how to handle the material which is bad news for the movie . as someone previously noted the soundtrack is haphazard and kelsey grammar is very wooden . i guess he was trying to play it dead pan just like in that show he's famous for but it fails to work here and there's many scenes with quiet ridiculous camera angles which seem unintentional but which are very distracting . but at the end of the day the main problem remains that the potential is ruined because no one wanted to offend the audiences sensibilitiescaution spoiler: at the end of the movie it is announced that the bridge collapsed just a few days after it was captured. the impression is that the attack was all for nothing. in reality, taking the bridge at remagen was the last important victory for the western allies. it was the crossing of the rhine that the allies had been trying to achieve for six months. because the remagen bridge was taken, the war ended in just a few weeks.<br /><br />the bridge only need to last for a day after it was captured. this was enough time for the americans to send combat engineers and a large protective force to the other side, and they could then start building a series of pontoon bridges. the taking of the bridge was a complete success, and meant the that the end of the war was near, and would not last through the summer. contrary to the cynical nature of the film, the victory was heralded with elation by the troops who did it. they knew how vital the battle was.<br /><br />this film has little to do with real history. it was more a reflection of the cynical nature of the time in which it was produced.the bridge at remagen contains some of the most preposterous war time screenplay i've ever seen. aside from the acting, which is wooden, no tank commander attacks with his tanks parked in nice neat rows, up the middle of roads, and with troops bunched all together with their arms not at the ready. the constant suicidal behavior set off my "tilt switch" so often i found it impossible to enjoy the movie. apparently the screen writers and director have never been through actual warfare and never bothered to bring in an expert who had. this movie is the very antithesis of the excellent detail in saving private ryan. unless you are under 7 years old, i recommend watching something else.<br /><br />gbveteran tv director ted post treats us to a plodding, confused and ultimately pointless story lifted from column b of the harold robbins big book of plots. set against a smoggy phoenix skyline, post-charlies angles jaclyn smith takes a star turn as "the woman whose eyes are mysteriously shadowed at all times" while jfk impersonator james franciscus lounges around the fringes. <br /><br />mannix goes western, monkeys are abused, models lean against classic cars, and smith is constantly upstaged by sybil danning until a giallo style wrap-up brings the whole sorry mess to a bitter end.<br /><br />oh yeah, and bob mitchum is in there too. somewhere.filmed in arizona by a mostly-foreign crew, "nightkill" is one of the clumsiest crime dramas i have ever seen. robert mitchum (in a cowboy hat) trails recently-widowed jaclyn smith around, hoping to figure out if she had a hand in her husband's death. jaclyn's wardrobe is of the dale evans variety and her dog is named "cowboy"...seems as if somebody sure bought into the american myth that all westerners talk and dress like descendants of john wayne! screenplay by joan andre and john case may have worked better if approached as parody; this mystery thriller just plays tame, with director ted post asleep at the controls. don't be drawn in by the video box art of jaclyn screaming while taking a shower. she does indeed take a shower in this film, but it is not revealing (nor does it further the murky plot one iota). no stars from ****nightkill stars robert mitchum as a world-weary private eye probing the case of a missing industrialist (mike connors). he is hired by jaclyn smith, the anxious wife of the missing man. what jaclyn fails to inform mitchum is that she knows full well her husband's whereabouts. after all, she was the one who helped her lover james franciscus dispose of her wealthy hubby.<br /><br />what more would expect from a rotten slasher film with robert mitchum? mannix goes western, monkeys are abused, models lean against classic cars, and smith is constantly upstaged by sybil danning until a giallo style wrap-up brings the whole sorry mess to a bitter end. this is bad cinema. and this movie is sooooo poor. it makes it look like halloween mixed up with trick or treats. avoid this.<br /><br />rated r for graphic violence, nudity and sexual situations.donald sutherland, an american paleontologist visiting england, picks up a hitch hiker one evening. two years later, having discovered the man's address book in his car, he returns the book to the man's opulent home, only to find that the man's been hanged for murder. nobody in or out of the family seems to care that the hitch hiker could not have committed the murder (of his own stepmother) because he was in sutherland's car at the time of the crime.<br /><br />sutherland is the man's alibi but he's turned up too late. out of a sense of guilt, he tracks down the real murderer.<br /><br />agatha christie's mysteries usually involve a number of diverse people, all of them with one or another motive for the crime, all of them suspect, and a puzzle that depends on the construction of a strict time line. there is often, not always, a sidekick with whom the investigator can talk things over.<br /><br />because of the anfractuosity of the situation, due care must be taken to explain each element of the mystery to the reader or viewer. redundancy is perfectly okay. we have to keep the characters and the time lines straight. christie's movies are of the rare kind in which the use of famous faces in subordinate characters is actually useful. (jacqueline de bellefort? oh, yes, that's mia farrow.) but this version of "ordeal by innocence" is a golan-globus production, with all that implies in the way of production values, a thoughtfully prepared script, and skill behind the camera.<br /><br />the first few minutes, in which sutherland discovers that an innocent man has been hanged, are fine. after that, everything is flung at the viewer in disjointed scraps, often in sudden flashbacks or in confusing voiceovers that tell us nothing. the script has a slapdash quality, as if thrown together by two hacks overnight. few of the faces are familiar and that doesn't help at all. everyone drops remarks about everyone else and the names become a hopeless jumble. the musical score consists of four instruments doing irritating atonal jazz riffs. some nudity is thrown in to wake up the dozers in the audience. if dame agatha were alive, she'd be among the viewers who needed to be shaken awake.<br /><br />dullsville.i have never seen so much talent and money used to produce anything so bad in my entire life! as stated in other commentaries, a who's who of talent, such as, christopher plummer, faye dunaway, donald sutherland, and many more were thrown together in a film that is not recognizable as an agatha christie story. i keep thinking of how it could be with the same cast, done the right way. <br /><br />the film has even less intimacy than the christopher reeves 'superman' movies. the large cast makes the slick production even less effective than in those films, because there is not enough time to get to know anyone. dave brubeck's progressive jazz soundtrack had me wondering if the wrong video was in the the case from the rental store. the music became more and more offensive as the plot progressed. it's hard to say whether the soundtrack or the annoying technique of repeating information from earlier scenes, was more offensive. from someone who has seen most christie films (that's what attracted me to this, it was one of the few i hadn't seen) miss this one. it is not an agatha christie movie. golan-globus are better suited to producing flicks about big time wrestling, rather than the snug atmosphere of english mystery.three businessmen are involved in a bar fight with three mysterious men. the three businessmen take revenge, which escalates to a murder after another. supposedly the story is about the violence that could happen to ordinary people.<br /><br />the plot has too many holes. the details were ignored in order to move the story forward. the acting was uneven. the color balance was awful even though i watched this movie in dvd. the small budget and tight schedule were apparent. the whole thing seems to be an excuse to shoot the final gun fight, and the ending was just unbelievable.this film is on my list of worst movies ever made. the story is disconnected and it is difficult to understand what is going on or the reason for the characters' actions. all films need to have an inner logic, and this film just doesn't have it - the story doesn't make any sense. <br /><br />to see faye dunaway, christopher plummer and diana quick wasting their talents in this movie is a crime. faye dunaway is the lucky one, because she plays the victim and gets killed early in the film. on the other hand, donald sutherland must be an amazing actor because he manages to look good in spite of bad directing and bad writing; his performance is believable and he manages to stay in character in spite of everything. <br /><br />if dame agatha christie were alive she would die laughing! the movie is that bad!this is indeed one of the weakest films based on agatha christie's work, a lifeless, muddled mystery that clearly lacks the grace (and the budget!) of its predecessors ("death on the nile", "evil under the sun") and donald sutherland is a pale shadow of peter ustinov as far as screen detectives go (of course, he is playing a character much less interesting than poirot). the film manages to coast as far as it does on the strength of christie's plot alone (all her plots have a certain amount of inherent interest), but the direction is hopelessly flat. (*1/2)when at the very start of the film paleontologist donald sutherland arrives at the argyle family's house and it comes out he is the undeniable alibi for one of the members executed for murdering his mother two years ago your sensation is that you are about to watch a top thriller; an innocent man has been convicted and a killer is still around. but as the film runs along your disappointment increases inevitably.<br /><br />"ordeal by innocence" is a dull and at times even boring film that doesn't raise at any moment. nothing interesting happens all along and even the final revealing of the facts lacks surprise and intensity (wether you guessed or not).<br /><br />donald sutherland, cristopher plummer, faye dunaway and sarah miles (far from her good performance in "ryan's daughter") just pass through their roles and not very enthusiastically either.<br /><br />you won't miss much if you skip this one.producers golan and globus should have been ashamed to release this piece of trash publicly. i know this is gonna sound cliched, but compared to this, the first "hercules" of 1983 looks like a mature and exciting epic! this "sequel" is moronic, cheap, unredeemable, childish, phony, inept and badly acted. a landmark in bad cinema, and one of the few, few movies i've seen that really deserve the lowest possible rating: no stars!aya! if you are looking for special effects that are 10-20 years before its time, this is it. the glowing lightning bolts, fireballs, etc. look like they came from a cheesy 70's sci-fi flick. and yes, hercules really grows; he's not being pushed on a cart closer to the camera!the adventures of hercules has to be one of the lamest excuses for a movie i've yet run across. you would have to look far and wide to find anything that approaches the level of ineptness on display in this movie. acting â? bad. editing â? bad. direction â? bad. special effects â? bad and laughable. plot â? bad. lighting â? bad. cinematography â? bad. costume design â? bad and silly. everything else â? bad. watching the adventures of hercules is about as enjoyable as a root canal. even for a fan of bad movies, it's a real endurance test. this is one for either masochists or lou ferrigno completists (if any exist).<br /><br />eight things i learned from watching the adventures of hercules: <br /><br />1. if you don't have the budget for real special effects, rotoscope a scene from the previous movie. it will look great - trust me.<br /><br />2. when on a quest to recover zeus' thunderbolts, take time for frequent stops to oil-up you body. it worked for ferrigno and his two amazon companions.<br /><br />3. any sword fight, use of magic, and just about all other day to day activities in ancient greece created a sound very similar to a game of pac man or asteroids.<br /><br />4. some of the ancient greek gods dressed like extras from star wars.<br /><br />5. if you need to pad your crappy movie's runtime, extend the title sequence by adding star trek style credits and throw in some overly grandiose music. it also helps if you've got a previous movie to pull scenes from.<br /><br />6. fight scenes move along much smoother if the bad guys attack hercules one at a time.<br /><br />7. william berger did anything for money.<br /><br />8. i didn't think it was possible, but the adventures of hercules makes the first film, hercules (1983), look like an academy award winner.looking for a real super bad movie? if you wanna have great fun, don't hesitate and check this one!<br /><br />ferrigno is incredibly bad but is also the best of this mediocrity.<br /><br />from the fertile imagination which brought you the irresistible hercules (1983), comes its even more preposterous (read goofier) sequel: right off the bat, we get another unwieldy "beginning of time" prologue which even contrives to completely contradict these same events as set up in the first film!; a condensed montage of highlights from same is soon followed by a superman-like scrolling credits sequence. narrative-wise, here we have four rebellious gods who steal zeus' seven all-important (but poorly animated) thunderbolts â? a crime which, for one thing, sets the moon careening on a collision course with planet earth! faster than you can say "nepotism", zeus (once again played as a white-haired bearded man by the relatively young claudio cassinelli) sends his champion â? who has now rightfully taken his place among the elite thanks to, one presumes, the almighty tasks performed in the first film â? to find his blooming thunderbolts and avert the calamities in store.<br /><br />no sooner has hercules (lou ferrigno â? as if you didn't know) touched the earthly surface that he comes in contact with two attractive damsels (milly carlucci and sonia viviani) in need of his getting them out of distress!; the former (who would go on to become an italian tv personality) seemingly has the ability to talk with the little people(!) â? which look uncannily like the tiny sisters from godzilla vs. mothra (1964)!! just so they can swindle as much unutilzed footage from the first film as is humanly possible, the divine quartet of villains resurrect good ol' king minos (william berger again) from his skeletal slumber and pit him once more against his eternal enemy. typically, hercules is made to encounter a number of potentially deadly foes including a gorgon â? an awfully underproduced sequence which ought to have led to a surefire plagiarism suit had the film-makers behind the much superior clash of the titans (1981) bothered to watch this flick (complete with the same "reflection in a shield" come-uppance and preceded by the muscleman letting the audience in on his tactics before executing them as if to show us how clever he is)!! and just to make it crystal clear that he wears his influences on his sleeve, cozzi has hercules and minos turn into a cosmic version of "king kong vs. godzilla" for one of their battles and later still, king kong gets to grips with a large snake, an encounter lifted straight out of the classic 1933 original. i swear it: this is the whole truth and nothing but the truth! <br /><br />as had been the case with the first film, the cast is full of old reliables like the afore-mentioned berger, cassinelli and venantino venantini (as a sorcerer with a truly bad hair day) and up-and-coming starlets â? not just carlucci but also maria rosaria omaggio (as a younger hera!), serena grandi, pamela prati and, once again, eva robbins (whose costume here easily outcamps her appearance in the first film); for what it's worth, pino donaggio's score for this one is recycled from musical cues featured in his soundtrack for the previous film. if you have stuck with this review so far, you must have realized by now that this is one of those movies that is so unbelievably bad that a reviewer is forced to choose which course to take: either dismiss it in one unflattering sentence or spend an undeserving amount of time dissecting its flaws. i'm sure i've left out some of its ineptitudes but i wouldn't forgive myself if i failed to mention the single greatest laugh-out loud instance in the whole movie which almost made me fall off my chair (yes, it even surpassed the afore-mentioned animated titanic duel for me), namely the dã©cor of the rebellious gods' lair which is in the shape of a giant marbleâ?kettle!!<br /><br />at this stage, one might well wonder why i gave this film (and its predecessor) a rating instead of a (not entirely unjustified) bomb; in the past, i've had various protracted online discussions on whether one's star rating of any particular film should reflect the overall artistic quality or its sheer entertainment valueâ? but these are two instances where i deemed it necessary to be consciously influenced by the latter in settling on my final rating. i don't know: maybe it's because i'm in a "sword-and-sandal" state-of-mind at the moment (with some 10 more respectable examples scheduled for the coming days!) but, after all, uncharacteristically for me, i decided to add these two films to my dvd collection simply based on the fun i had with them in this recent revisit â? and that alone must count for something, no?although coming after three star wars, krull & countless others, this movie would look outdated in the 1950s... 1 sfx mostly consist of 1970s videogames effects such as bolts etc; annoying after a short while. you also get a sfx creature that looks like a poor man's version of some tier-iv harryhausen monster.<br /><br />2 sets are mainly ruins in the countryside, with papier-mache temples and miniature cities or abodes that makes 1950s japanese monster movies look like flawless perfection.<br /><br />3 plot is paper extra-thin...hercules must find zeus' seven golden thunderbolts stolen by conspiring gods & zombie tyrants.<br /><br />4 action mainly consists in retarded, muscled-up hercules ( check the variety of facial expressions ) wrestling cheap 1970s videogames effects.<br /><br />5 acting award goes to milly carlucci (third carlucci show-biz sister with anna & gabriella ), which says all.<br /><br />6 sfx make other tier-ii italian salad bowl movies such as l'umanoide & star crash look like masterpieces.<br /><br />well, considering that ferrigno's main acting exploit consisted in impersonating a retarded green monster, wearing a whig and green espadrillas, we ought to be lenient.<br /><br />watch it & forget about it.<br /><br />jurassic park iii *___ adventure <br /><br />sam nell (the dish), william macy (happy texas, fargo), tz(a leoni (family man)<br /><br />a better title would be: escape from the island of really mean dinosaurs. but then no one would need to see the film. in this sequel, a rag-tag group pays a visit to the island of dinosaurs to rescue the teenage victim of a hang-gliding accident.<br /><br />access hollywood reports jp3 began filming without a completed script. that explains why the film seems to have little or no purpose other than to demonstrate state-of-the-art special effects. sure, there are a few clever scenes and some moderately funny bits, but no meaningful plot line to tie them together. the dinosaur puppets and animation in jp3 are very good to excellent, and more numerous than ever. but the overall film experience can not hold a candle to the original jurassic park or even jp2.<br /><br />jp3 is a mercifully short 90 minutes -- the last 10 minutes of which is credits. even at that, i found myself frequently checking my wristwatch. the audience i saw it with left the theater in silence.<br /><br />a better bet: see the movie legally blonde.<br /><br />davei would put death wish 3 in the same box as stallone's cobra and commando. the box that i would sell for $2 at a garage sale with all the videos inside. the story is about the main character coming back from the previous movies' success to ruin it all with this load of trash. why did the makers want to destroy the reputation of the past 2 films with this cheap junk. the story is so lame that had to be a outrageous sequel. i mentioned cobra earlier because it has the same mood, that one man can kill 20 or 30 gang members without a scratch. both this movie and cobra were bent on showing the hero firing his guns at hip level and the enemy falling in large numbers. police officers spend hours at the shooting range so why did they get gunned down by gang members firing aimlessly from their hips? this movie was so bad i thought for a minute it was death wish 4.jp3 lacks the spielberg touch. it's an all-out assault on the senses featuring "in your face" dinosaurs. watching this film was a bit like a roller coaster ride from hell. <br /><br />the script is lame; it simultaneously asks and then leaves too many questions unanswered. also, we don't really get to appreciate the humans in the film for all they're worth. for example, william h. macy is too great a talent to have to compete with dino-thugs for our attention. and laura dern was especially sympathetic in jp1; in this film, she's barely a blip on the radar screen.<br /><br />the whole jp3 experience was t o o m u c h. too much noise, too many surprises, too many characters dying off, too much predictable, gratuitous violence. <br /><br />word to the wise: vote yourself off this island.<br /><br />(i rated it a 3 for special effects; i took off the other 7 points for having absolutely no originality.)did people expect "jurassic park 3" to be full of surprises? not one moment of it is worth it. many elements could easily scare people out of the movies...and it's not the dinos! tea leoni...i think she's a great actress, but i'm sorry to say that this time she reached the bottom line. i wonder if she happened to strain a vocal chord while shooting the movie....laura dern...she's ok, but why not be more noticeable in the movie, maybe exchange smart dialogs with sam neil. alessandro nivola - "have you ever heard of something called facial expression? fellings, emotions..."..he's got to work harder on that! sam neil, no big deal. the soundtrack...got to change that record, or you get tired of it. my applause goes to william h. macy, a talented actor who i've never seen playing a bad role....unfortunately he can't save the movie, nor can the well computer-created dinosaurs.this movie was perhaps the biggest waste of 2 hours of my life. from the opening 10 minutes, i was ready to leave. the cliches there slapping you in the face, and the plot was not only predictably stupid, but full of more holes than swiss cheese. i am considering suing for that lost 2 hours, and $6.25 along with the fact that i am now stupider for watching this waste of film. the t-rex's must be flipping in their graves, so to speak.how sad it is when a film as wonderful as "jurassic park" slowly nosedives into hackneyed and mediocre territory throughout its franchise. the newest sequel, jurassic park iii, has given no thought to characters, a story, or pretty much a script, and instead relies on non-stop dinosaur action, which is neither thrilling nor very interesting to watch. the dinosaurs seemed to look incredibly fake compared to the 1993 technology, after 7 years of cgi advancements, it only gives you more of the feeling that the film was pumped out for the summer relying only on its name. the introduction of a pterodactyl does not a great movie make.<br /><br />go see "shrek" again.<br /><br />number 1 was really great summer popcorn fun. it was the modern jaws.<br /><br />number 2 is best summed up by jeff goldblum in the movie about being the stupidest idea in the history of stupid ideas (or something like that).<br /><br />number 3 is the obituary notice...jp has achieved all it ever will. <br /><br />once they realized they had no fresh ideas they should have just let sleeping dinos lie.<br /><br />that said. movie is ok if you don't mind knowing you already have seen it before.<br /><br />i had been looking forward to this movie since lost world came out. it didn't bother me that lost world wasn't as intellectual as the original, and here, i was just hoping for a good monster movie. it was all about "dinosaurs eat people." however, it was disappointing even on that level.<br /><br />for starters, there were not enough people to eat, and while i'll keep it a secret how many people get eaten, it was not enough. also, while there was no shortage of variety in the dinosaur community, there were not nearly "enough" dinosaurs. and many dinosaurs, like the spikey-back-and-has-a-club-on-its-tail-osaurus, just made cameos and didn't do much considering how cool they are.<br /><br />(start spoilers) then there were the pterodactyls. the figures i've read put their body weight at about 15 pounds, while the movie made them look closer to 300. worse, they didn't get to eat anybody, or even splatter them on the rocks by dropping them from high up. there was no ending to the movie, either, it was just, all of the sudden, credits. (end spoilers) i'm left wondering if the edition i saw was missing 40 minutes of film.<br /><br />my only conclusion can be that they taught the pterodactyls to stick their long beaks stealthily into your pockets and get your $7. go rent the carnosaur series; at least you won't be disappointed.to summarize, my group of friends and i spent about 45 minutes outside the theater sharing our favorites gaffes, plot inconsistencies, untied loose ends, and other ridiculous aspects of this movie. i found the story trite to the point of inconsequential and the plot lines as underdeveloped as the dino embryos still locked in the shaving cream canister from jurassic park 1. the editing was poor and none of the characters engendered any sort of sympathy or feeling. in short, this movie lacked any of the suspense and thrill that the first movie provided from a story standpoint<br /><br />even the new dinosaurs were few and far between (although i really enjoyed the pterodactyls.) we got several brief shots of the new species and only 2 really were involved in the action.<br /><br />as a scientist and former childhood paleontologist, the lack of any real scientific content (not that it had to be realistic, but logically formed i.e. how they built the dinos in #1 and malcom's chaos ramblings) was disappointing as well.<br /><br />in short, the movie seemed to be nothing more than an excuse to trot dinos back on the scene to make some money. i hope that movie-goers don't fall for this trap again (although i did apparently)(a possible minor spoiler) the first "jurassic park" was an effective, but silly film that did it's job and was actually pretty good. the sequel "the lost world" had a few decent moments, but those were ruined by the lame end portion of the film which had a t-rex running amok in san diego. now in "jurassic park iii," what little story there was in the first one and the sequel, has been thrown out the window and replaced by a mere 90 minutes of basically non-stop action, which would have worked had the film not been so poorly done.<br /><br />sam neill is back as dr. grant, who is given a proposition by a couple (william h. macy & tea leoni) to come with them to an island to help them find their son, who's been lost for over 2 months. but of course this island just happens to be populated by dinosaurs and of course the plane the are on just happens to crash leaving them stranded with a bunch of dinos after them.<br /><br />this one was obviously intended as a thrill ride, with no real story whatsoever, but even on that level the movie doesn't deliver. director joe johnston ("jumanji") somehow managed to take what little magic was left in the "jurassic" movies and squeeze the life right out of it.<br /><br /> the dinos look okay, though by now they're just standard fair and not very scary. the bottom line is it's not a very good film, even as a thrill ride. * out of 4 stars.it's clear that for this film they wanted to have the story line driven by the characters. but immediately the story line causes you to dislike the new main characters. the fly-over of the island and dinosaurs below lacked any impact at all and almost looked like a cartoon. the all action entrance to the island is merely a rehash of parts from jp 1 and 2. the story-line is predictable to the point of annoyance and it's entirely unsatisfying end left me feeling cheated. this gave me with no option but to award the film 3/10!this would probably be a good film to see....provided you've already seen every other film in existence, and thoroughly explored the bellybuttons of yourself and those around you. god, this movie was unbelievably insipid, with some of the worst (or is it nonexistent) writing ever captured on film. there is no saving grace to this film; even the animatronics are kind of lame, and it's just a complete waste of time and money.<br /><br />run. fast. it's beyond horrible.<br /><br />i was disappointed with the third film in the "death wish" series and wouldn't recommend this unless you are really into bronson. he is his usual self in this one, maybe a bit lighter hearted than in the others; the rest of the cast is good if your watching a movie of the week on t.v. - the whole film has the production value of a bad episode of the a-team and i like the escapism fun of a show like the a-team but not on the big screen, even if it is an action movie that doesn't claim to be anything to sophisticated. the film takes a while to get going and then when it finally does, it gets out of control to the point of ridiculousness. the plot is something out of an episode of "highway to heaven" and bronson seems like a fish out of water with the majority senior citizen cast and the gun play is so out of control you don't even get any satisfaction from bronson's revenge against the bad guys. skip this and go on to the 4th installment which i highly recommend.you could have put the characters on the island for any reason at all and had the same movie. the first one had an original story, the second stole one from king kong, and in the end (i hope) of this trilogy the story seemed to have been bypassed altogether. drop some people on an island full of dinosaurs and watch them run for their lives. that was about all there was to it. the special effects were decent but not worth 8 dollars. if you have a discount theatre in your local area, wait and see it for a buck. i wouldn't even bother renting it. that would be too much money for this unthrilling thriller.when i went to see this i thought, i liked the first two and thought that they were very suspenseful so this one should be good also. wrong! there was no suspense and they don't explain about the new dinosaurs! when i was done watching this i had lost all respect for steven spielberg and michael crichton but then it turned out that it wasn't directed by spielberg or written by michael crichton! this movie was going through "the motions." i thought that this movie had absolutely no plot and i thought that no one should waste their money to see it.how could anyone who liked the previous jp movies even stand to sit through this 1 hour of drivel? there are so many stupid things about this film it's mind boggling!! i remember when i went to see jp as a kid it was my favorite movie and franchise, the acting, the sfx the music, the direction! all fantastic, jp2 in my opinion was ok pretty much the same apart from some really stupid moments (like the gymnast girl kicking a raptor..please!) but on a whole a watchable and reasonable cinematic experience.<br /><br />but the the third one has no point!! it's supposed to be a sequel that carry's on from jp2 and yet it magically includes brand new things to the franchise that would have been impossible to miss on the previous 2 films! for example: 1) the "new" mega spinosaurus - seriously, what the hell!! this thing follows them everywhere they go, they cannot escape it's presence and yet in the lost world (the same island) do you see it once? do you hear it? does anyone even mention it? no! its ridiculous!. the star character in the previous 2 movies was, and always will be the t-rex so what does the d(urr)irector "joe johnston" go and do? kill it off! as soon as you see the huge t-rex in all its awesome roaring glory it gets killed and you never see it again - a new dino on the town is the excuse.. where did it come from!!?? not a single explanation! and don't get me started on the whole satellite-phone-in-the-dino-belly thing! 2)just when you start to get over how stupid the spinosaurus is you see the raptors, aside from their new "punk" haircuts they seem pretty credible! *phew* they will make this movie watchable right?... wrong! now they speak to each other!! and the excuse for them speaking in this film and not in the first and second are...wait for it... evolution! - yes the process of millions of years in just a few months from when the second movie ended, amazing! surly they should have grown opposable thumbs and created tools by now!! ok i am not going to say anymore about the plot because it's getting up my nose, so i will close on this: jurassic park is a classic, jp3 is a lousy sucker punch to any of the original fans of the series, my favorite franchise was well and truly dead after watching this monstrosity (no pun intended) avoid this movie like the plaguei would like to comment on how the girls are chosen. why is that their are always more white women chosen then their are black women. every episode their is always more white women then black one's. as if to say white women are better looking then black women. i would like for once see more black women then white. and it not just your show it's like that in a lot of shows always more white's. but i would have thought since you as the head honcho of the show you would see this yourself and have more black women on your show. but you are just like the rest trying to act like you are so fair and nice. you are just a big fony hypocrite.tyra & the rest of the modeling world needs to know that real women like myself and my daughter don't care to see all the ridiculous modeling to sell something. weird locations, too much makeup & too much skin is not necessary. sex does not always sell when you are selling to women. the same goes for the horse stomping runway walk that looks unnatural. people come in all shapes & sizes & they need to have that on the show. my daughter has a 36" inseam, is tall & slender & a size 5, i am more average at a size 12. we would like to see both- i can not picture how something would look on me when a size 2 is wearing it, it will not fit the same way on me. i do not buy magazines anymore because they are one sided on this matter. we would really love the show to consider women of all sizes. thank you.in watching this off and on for a few seasons, two things come to mind: one - wondering what kind of girl wants to be a "model" and two - run to the nearest ice cream store and have a low fat sundae.<br /><br />i tried to be a fan because i liked the idea of this reality show competition. no other "famous" model thought of this, and it is very admirable for tyra banks to do so. but as the series goes on and on i've come to the conclusion that this is a sorry lot of folks trying to make a mountain out of a molehill. women shouldn't watch this, teens should stay clear of it unless they're doing book reports on the subject.<br /><br />many women try out for slots to compete for "americas next top model". they live together, cat fight together, cry together, get put through pointless modeling shoots with pointless modeling people and fashionatas and get eliminated and almost all of them claim, "you will see me again". heck, i'm trying to see what happened to the ones that did win, actually.<br /><br />this is the dream of some girls, and good for them. in watching this i hope the other girls that see this and run like hades the other way - like to college.<br /><br />i just happened to watch more of this recent season because of the "ploy" of full figured models joining the group. that even made me think more of this as a sorry lot of folks. the "full figured models" were no more than average sized ladies competing with what i think is the thinnest group of models they ever chose - so of course that would make them look even fatter - a "ploy" fashionatas use all the time. bad, bad, tyra and crew.<br /><br />but to be fair, "americas next top model" is not about "full figured" models, it's about projecting an imagined image a beauty that can be mass marketed and sold as the ultimate in beauty - and this show is just looking for the next fresh piece of meat to add to the mix. hence the name of the show. hence the sorry lot of judges, photographers, associations. hence tyra and her consistent "this was me" plugs every camera angle you can get. but then again, that is the one thing i like about this show - the ex-model giving others who wouldn't have the chance -- a chance to enter the doors. but after that...everything else is status quo for that industry which is why there are no surprises or week to week interest in the program.tyra banks needs to teach these girls that it's not all about being beautiful on the outside. the inside counts for something too. a lot of the past winners have looked semi decent but are horribly cruel and starting trouble for the other girls. i see tyra less involved with the girls in every season. about the only thing worth watching top model for is mr. jay manuel. recently, tyra had a contestant who was a pre-op transsexual. i felt that she should have done more to encourage her. it was obvious that she had insecurities about her original anatomy showing through her feminine look. tyra should have given her tips or perhaps she could have sent resident trannie ms. jay to help the girl out. instead, the contestant was met with harsh criticism and not enough positive criticism. it's a shame because i truly enjoyed the first 3 seasons. there's a reason why project runway has all 4 seasons out on dvd and top model only has 1 season on dvd. it's called taste. top model seriously needs a lot of revamping an some more humanity.this is by far the most vapid, idiotic, insanely stupid show that has ever been on the air, and this is coming from someone who remembers "san pedro beach bums".<br /><br />my wife loves watching reality shows--and there was one episode of this drivel where the wannabes had to develop a "walk". the end result was straight out of monty python's "ministry of silly walks" sketch. i couldn't laugh hard enough.<br /><br />and then there's the ubiquitous ms. banks (as in laughing all the way to the...). she has to be the most annoying self-important woman on tv since rosie o'donnell left "the view". as if modeling was doing great things for mankind. please. i've never found her attractive, and i don't find her intelligent now that she has the temerity to open her mouth.<br /><br />someone needs to tell these human clothes hangers to eat a healthy diet and actually look like real women.it was awful plain and simple. what was their message? where was the movie going with this? it has all the ingredients of a sub-b grade movie. from plotless storyline the bad acting to the cheesey slow-mo cinematography. i'd sooner watch a movie i've already seen like goodfellas, a bronx tale, even grease. there are no likeable characters. in the end you just want everyone to die already. save 2 hours of your life and skip this one.wow! i think they made this movie to torture people. there are no words for how much i hated this film. i could have been cleaning my room instead. i love bad melodrama as much as the next person but....come on!this movie could very well have been a propaganda movie for the north americian falangist party - or some similar group... the strong man (kersey) places himself above the law (but not outside the law) and liberates upstanding citizens by killing worthless trash. the only thing that made me think it wasn't made by the kkk was the fact that a jew starred as a good guy... try watching it again while thinking of it as a propaganda movie for an extreme right wing group - and you'll see what i mean...<br /><br />it's a tragedy that jimmy page actually made music for this movie... :(imagine every stereotypical, overacted cliche from every movie and tv show set on the streets of brooklyn between 1930 and 1980. populate it with a cast of interchangeable caricatures instead of actual characters. throw in a mix of "period" music and wailing electric guitars during the "rumble" scenes. then pass the time trying to figure out (or care) which of the deuces is going to be killed in the (anti)climactic final rumble.<br /><br />i'll give this movie points for not being just another romantic comedy, teen slasher, explosive action movie, teen sex comedy, kiddie musical, or oscar-nomination vehicle. but bringing something new or interesting to the street-gang tragedy genre might've been nice.maybe it was the fact that i saw spider-man the day before i saw duces wild, but i do not think that there can be any excuse for this movie being as bad as it was. the cast was there to do it, but it seemed as if once they found them selves with a decent cast they had to try and make them fit into the movie. the only problem was that they did not fit. i did not like any of the characters and the story was sketchy at best. i left wondering why i spent my money on this movie.wow, i was really disappointed. i wasn't really planning on seeing this movie in the theater, and i wish i stuck to that plan. it really should be a made-for-tv movie. i was kind of excited to see it, as i'm a big fan of fairuza balk, but this movie didn't do her justice. infact i'm a little disappointed with the acting all around. what a horrible cover up of fairuza balk's tattoos, it bothered me every time i saw her shoulder. <br /><br />there was no flow to the movie, it was very hard to get into it. one scene we get angry, hyped up, we want blood, the anticipation rises, just then the director takes us to another scene to show the love between annie and bobby. it would have been more enjoyable to follow if it was broken up into three sectional sunday paper comic strip.<br /><br />there was also little logic behind the characters chosen to play some parts. the gangster leaders were scrawny guys, not very believable. matt dillon head of a mobster organization? come on, give me a break. there was just no intimidation there. <br /><br />the soundtrack.. wow. i think this is one of the worst musical scores i've ever heard. what awful guitar solos, my god. the sound of my teeth grinding was more pleasing to my friends, i'm sure. <br /><br />anyhow, there is one positive comment i'd like to make about the movie. the settings were nicely done. i liked the colours, a good job conveying that time period.worst pile of drivel to date! everyone involved with this production should be ashamed of themselves. not one single element of the movie was anything slightly like an original idea. a first grader telling you a story about nap time is more entertaining.in a nutshell the movie is about a gang war in the 1950's. leon, the leader of the deuces, starts the gang after his brother od's on "junk". he vows to protect the neighborhood. the leader of the rival gang is just getting out of prison and wants revenge.<br /><br />the movie didn't really do it for me. the "good guys" weren't any more good than the "bad guys". very little was shown to suggest that the deuces really cared for the community. i suppose the writers were going for realism here, but i just didn't care which side won. none of the characters were likable, or even capable of drawing my sympathy.<br /><br />on the plus side the courtship between annie and bobby had some snappy dialog, and the acting overall was well done."in the sweltering summer of 1958, the deuces, a gang of brooklyn toughs, find their turf threatened when the leader of a rival gang, the vipers, is released from prison. leon (stephen dorff), the deuces' leader, tries to guide his boys through bloody brawls to keep the vipers out. but when his brother (brad renfro) falls into a sultry - and dangerous - relationship with annie (fairuza balk), the sister of a viper, and his own girlfriend is brutally attacked, leon and his gang are plunged into an all-out war to save his brother, his girl - and his neighborhood!" according to the dvd sleeve description. this is definitely no "basketball diaries".<br /><br />think of it as "west side story" getting hit over the head with baseball bats and steel pipes, stickball having left brooklyn with the dodgers. "deuces wild" has some cool hollywood sets, 1950s cars and soundtrack songs; and, much of it is nicely photographed by john a. alonzo. the story and direction never get beyond these strengths, which enables the film to peak during its opening minutes, and proceed downhill. the cast looks good when you read the credits, but translates into an ageing, flabby mess of phony pompadours, blood, and brylcreemâ? and one fright wig. a sense of sadness and regret permeates the production.<br /><br />*** deuces wild (5/3/02) scott kalvert ~ stephen dorff, brad renfro, fairuza balk, frankie munizworst movie ever seen. worst acting too. i cannot imagine a movie worse then this. nothing to see. no acting at all.t hey (actors) should look for another job. i cant't understand who was stupid enough to actually put money into this movie.<br /><br />i'm sorry for eric roberts. must be tough...i cannot imagine how huuuge his mortgage must be to justify taking the job!<br /><br />the ladies in the movie...perhaps they better stick to xxx.<br /><br />as for the leading man...what a lead! he better be put on a lead and stay there! i can see him being more successful at barking rather than acting. <br /><br />overall rating: do not rent...do not buy!eric roberts "stars" in this tommy lee thomas debut prison film. he plays the leader of a corrupt ring of guards. though evil by most people's standards, his character is the kind of guy who is nice enough to give you supporting wires while you hang chained to the ceiling as he tortures you with "lethal weapon" electric prods.<br /><br />the movie has an intricate plot about prison corruption that makes absolutely no sense. thomas has clint eastwood's squinter eyes, dolph lundgren's one-liners, the acting abilities of jcvd and the body of the tiniest guy you knew in school who took steroids after graduation.<br /><br />martin "cobra kai" kove's career shares this low point with roberts, in the film it is difficult to tell if kove's character is supposed to be drunk for the entire movie or if kove just came that way. i couldn't blame him if he did.<br /><br />fortunately for all involved, this movie has a "so bad that it's good" quality that can be fun if you have absolutely nothing better to do.2001 wasn't perhaps eric roberts best year. both raptor and this came out. watched raptor a while ago and really thought it sucked and being erics worst. but that had itâ´s share moment of fun and d-standard. this one doesn't have a thing.<br /><br />tommy lee thomas is the name of the probably worst actor in these days. the story lacks any punch and the whole thing feels even slower than a snail breaking in curves.<br /><br />the two thing that stands out are martin kove and eric roberts. you could argue about their effort being good or what but compared to the rest they are above all criticism.<br /><br />i say thank you roberts see you next time (and hopefully a better one).enjoy the opening credits. they're the best thing about this second-rate but inoffensive time-killer which features passable performances from the likes of eric roberts and martin kove. the main part, however, goes to newcomer tommy lee thomas who looks a bit diminutive for this kind of action but who, nevertheless, occasionally manages to project a banty-rooster kind of belligerence. the first time we see him he's bare-chested, sweaty, and engaged in that favorite "beefcake" activity -- chopping wood. after this he has seven more scenes without his shirt including one in which he's hanged by his wrists and zapped with electricity a la mel gibson in "lethal weapon." he could use a better script, however, since the manner in which he exposes the truth about corruption and violence inside the prison is never very convincing. there's also talk about millions of dollars which apparently is tied in with this investigation but which is never explained. there are a few pluses, though. sending "john woodrow" undercover as "john wilson" is an amusing play on a presidential name, and co-star jody (ross) nolan shows promise as an inmate who, early in the proceedings, is shown hanged by his wrists and getting punched by a burly guard. one final note: the movie's low budget is painfully responsible for the lack of "extras." despite the impressive size of the prison, it only seems to hold about 12 inmates! (note: the cast credits at the end aren't too helpful. for the record, the burly, bald-headed guard who uses jody nolan as a punching bag is played by bill fishback, and the young, fair-haired guard who administers electric shocks to tommy lee thomas is played by marc chenail.)this movie lacked credibility for two reasons. one, no mayor of a major city, and new york is certainly as major as it gets. would allow a borough in his city to degenerate into such a violent place to live; especially for voters who could have much to say about his or her future job security. all of the victims in the movie were mostly elderly, jewish or defenseless. at 62-years of age, i have never seen a movie that depicted such utter lack of respect for authority as this movie did. even "escape from new york," which was fictional, up front, i.e. they told you that this was science fiction, didn't resort to such deep-seated violence. in this movie, most of the elderly victims were victimized and yet had guns but were unwilling to use them. also, in this movie and i have not seen the prior two, is more lawless than the "escape" movie. secondly, gangs as far as my research shows have never been as cooperative as this movie makes them out to be. on the one hand they catch a gang member from another gang working in their area and he's killed. yet when the heroes start shooting at the local gang bangers, the next gang over is welcomed with open arms. outside gang members are always viewed as outsiders and are stopped. we are supposed to believe that when automatic weapons are used against our gang, the other gangs want to be all into it. why did the outside gangs come to help? i believe that more than one gang from outside came to help. what did they come for? another question, why was the gang leader in jail and why do fellow jail inmates ask his permission to attack bronson's character? this was not a great movie and i could go on, but i won't.i was looking forward to this movie. trustworthy actors, interesting plot. great atmosphere then ????? if you are going to attempt something that is meant to encapsulate the meaning of life. first. know it. ok i did not expect the directors or writers to actually know the meaning but i thought they may have offered crumbs to peck at and treats to add fuel to the fire-which! they almost did. things i didn't get. a woman wandering around in dark places and lonely car parks alone-oblivious to the consequences. great riddles that fell by the wayside. the promise of the knowledge therein contained by the original so-called criminal. i had no problem with the budget and enjoyed the suspense. i understood and can wax lyrical about the fool and found adrian pauls role crucial and penetrating and then ????? basically the story line and the script where good up to a point and that point was the last 10 minutes or so. what? run out of ideas! such a pity that this movie had to let us down so badly. it may not comprehend the meaning and i really did not expect the writers to understand it but i was hoping for an intellectual, if not spiritual ride and got a bump in the roadwhen the legends die is a powerful, moving story of an orphaned ute indian who goes on to become tom black bull, a champion bronc rider. raised in the old ways, tom is given a white man's name and must adopt the language and ways of the white man to live in that world. bitter about the role he has been forced into, tom finds fulfillment doing one thing, busting horses, riding them to death, in the rodeo. the movie has richard widmark in the role of red, the man who befriends tom and acts as his manager. red is a drunk who eventually dies in the story, which is about where the movie ends. the real story is completely ignored, the dark side of tom black bull who develops a reputation as a killer of horses in the rodeo arenas. oh well, you should read the book, this movie doesn't come close to doing the story justice.the first half of this film held some promise as it seemed like the film was going to be a low-key character psychodrama like the minus man but then the whole thing collapses into cliche and the viewer slowly loses all interest. there's a decent cast here but the film is lifeless and the talent completely wasted.i just watched this today on tv. it was on abc's sunday afternoon movie.<br /><br />this wasn't a very good movie, but for a low budget independent film like this, it was okay. there is some suspense in it, but there are so many bad qualities that really bring the movie down. the script is pretty lame, and the plot elements aren't very realistic, such as the way a 911 operator would laugh and hang up when someone is reporting a murder. i don't know what the writer was thinking when they came up with that idea, but it isn't very realistic.<br /><br />i thought this movie was going to be a good suspense thriller, because there were a few scenes that seemed like they would lead to something good, but unfortunately, they never did. there were a few plot elements that have been used in other movies similar to this, and in the end, didn't prove to be very creative.<br /><br />if there is something good about this movie, it is the cast. every actor in this movie did good with what they had to work with. the terribly underrated actress elizabeth pena was great in this movie. she is very sexy, and has an incredibly sexy voice. however, if you want to see a movie of hers that is really good, watch the excellent animated movie the incredibles. in that movie, she put her sexy voice to good use.<br /><br />what can i say, this movie isn't really worth your time, but the actors were good. unfortunately, they were all wasted on this movie, which is a real shame. this movie tried to be a good suspense thriller, but in the end, it fell flat. if you want to see a good movie that is similar to this, but much better, see the hitcher. if you want to see something with the cast members of this movie, watch any of their other movies. you can real easily pass on this movie if you ever get the chance to see it.horrible acting with the worst special f/x i've ever bore witness too. it's bad enough i wasted $3 to watch this crummy pile of crap, but it's the hour and a half time i lost that i could've been doing anything else like getting a root canal or volunteering for jury duty. getting drunk couldn't even help this video.<br /><br />to put it bluntly, i sincerely believe i actually lost a few iq points during the course of watching this idiotic piece of mind-numbing "work"! perhaps i should have followed my own advice this time. never expect a decent film if it's written, directed and produced by the same person, and never ever expect anything of value from jeff fahey.this film is truly pathetic in every conceivable department. awful, awful, awful. it's only around eighty minutes long, but believe me you'll feel like you're watching an andy warhol film (then again twenty hours in the life of the empire state building would surely be far more interesting).<br /><br />where to start... the putrid script, the disgusting cinematography, the so bad its bad acting, the spectacularly dismal effects, dreadful music, or just the wafer thin plot that thouroughly resembles a sieve. this film is an incoherent shambles<br /><br />a particularly noteworthy scene takes place outside a cafe when dominic pinon decides to shoot a cat, cue the waitress watching through the cafe window who comments with an average english accent "god damn". to right that woman. god damn this horrendous monstrosity.<br /><br />everyone involved should be thouroughly ashamed of themselves. let us hope that the director never finds the funding to work again.ok the box look interesting, the opening have great music and its kinda original, to that its all ok. but when the movie start...well its not my first videoville movie, i watched ghost lake, and its very similar of this movie except its ever worse here. the story at first sounded interesting but the whole movie look like a movie shot by a bunch of university student, with specials effect that me laugh, the blood look like a mix of red and white paint, the fire effect on the demon face look like it was done with a program i could buy at my local computer shop. all the movie is shot in day(very great for a movie supposed to be horror) and there like no gore(1 scene only and it look so home-made and not credible) and near no blood(it can be considered a great thing considering the look of the blood show) and 1 demon for the whole movie. the story is going nowhere , it give you the impression that it never start, there so much useless scene done only to give the movie the average duration time(when the demon search the guy in the dogs thing for about 4 minutes...) way too much slow-mo things. well lets just say this movie is a z-series one and a very poor one. all cool idea lost themselves and you get a cheesy movie. it bored my all long and i'm not the guy who get bored very easily with horror movie, man i even like house of the dead and alone in the dark from uwe boll and you probably know the name for being one of the worst director but here it look too much like some guys wanting to make a movie for fun. plus for us french speaker(tough i understand english i prefer to watch movie in my native language) there the usual videoville bad translation. in normal movie you can barely see its not the actor speaking(you have to check on lips etc) here you just have to listen to it and you know it. very cheesyfrom the dire special effects onwards i was absolutely gob smacked at how bad anyone can make a film. lets put it this way, i have absolutely no directing experience whatsoever and for the first time ever when watching a film i thought 'i can do better than that! whilst sat watching this pap. the acting in this film was terrible, i suppose the best actor was the guy from lawnmower man but the french guy from aliens3 was so wooden i wondered how he got the former job in the first place. the storyline was mediocre and i suppose, like most films, if the rest had been done well it would have stood up. i don't usually write reviews here but after seeing a couple of people gave this film a good rating (must be cast/crew) i felt i had to say my piece to save anyone from accidentally hiring it or wasting their money on buying this cack.ok, it was a "risky" move to rent this flick, but i thought i had nothing to lose.well, i was wrong. this is, next to "bloodsurf", the worst "horrormovie" i have ever seen. crappy actors, crappy technical output, crappy story and so on. the soundtrack though, isn't to bad. that is why i give it a 2 on the vote and not just a 1. and of course the cats are a positive surprise. by far the superior actors in this movie..... do not rent or buy it. stay away from it and hope that this horrible, horrible film will vanish to some obscure existence and not become a "cult classic". it most definitely do not deserve any recognition.<br /><br />spoilers<br /><br />i'm going to be as kind as i can about this film (some people, including directors!, can get quite upset when reviewers speak their mind) so...<br /><br />there is a nice car accident and the opening credits look good and... that's it; everything else bites the big one. all the acting is appalling, the script is embarrassing, the special effects look like they were done by school children on cheap computers. all in all this film has serious bowling shoe tendencies.<br /><br />as a horror film it's not very scary and if it supposed to a "thinking man's" horror film well it succeeded on some level, i kept thinking that the end of this film is an awfully long way away. it may actually be an ironic look at bad horror films and i'm missing the point but i somehow doubt it.<br /><br />this is a complete car phone warehouse of a film and i could not recommend it to anyone, and it does pain me to say this as i eagerly await the resurrection of british horror.<br /><br />if you don't agree with this review, that fine, it's just my own opinion, and i'm sure someone out there will love it (the director's mum for instance).well, i'll begin with this: i love horror-movies, not even the worst plot or the most insanely terrible acting will ruin the experience as long as there is a certain amount of gore and suspense present. second; this is the worst movie of all times. it even beats mean guns, and the attack of the killer tomatoes. and for that i pay it homage.<br /><br />however, the involuntary humor was only funny until half the movie had passed, after which point everything was so so sad. to my great surprise, the reviews where somewhat divided; and you guys who rated this piece of c-movie-crap from 7 and up; i know you're joking! good one!! hahaha! because if there is any reason in the world, and we have just an tiny bit of the same notion of what quality is; you can't be for real.<br /><br />everything worth to be mentioned about the contents has already been summed pretty good up, so i'll leave it. <br /><br />minor spoiler alert<br /><br />but the scene where the cloaked rubber mask guy drags the woman back and forth through the dog-kennel for ten minutes, with o so terrible music score and the mind blowing dialog between the two, really does it for me.this is slightly less sickening than the first two films, but otherwise it's business as usual: a scuzzy, sleazy and unbalanced slice of diseased cinema. charles bronson is back, blasting into action when his friend is killed by yobs terrorising the neighbourhood. crime, you see, is up 11% in the south belmont area... so what's to be done? a stronger police presence? tougher jails? harsher sentences? nope, the only solution is to send in a loose cannon like bronson to mete out bloodthirsty revenge â? or, as the writers would have it, justice: this time he's the personal killing machine of police chief ed lauter.<br /><br />the writers bend over backwards to make kersey the hero, sending the useless cops into the area only to confiscate a weapon from an elderly resident who keeps it for protection, and supplying a scene in which kersey has his camera stolen and shoots the thief right in the back, to applause from the watching crowd. capital punishment for theft? well, okay. the attitude of everyone in the film is that this is a solution, and the dishonest twisting of the characters into ciphers who exist only to cheer kersey on or back him up is appalling.<br /><br />sure, these villains are scum, but shouldn't the film leave the audience to make up its mind, rather than slanting the entire thing towards kersey and his mindless answer? funnily enough the beleaguered residents don't fear gang reprisals or blame kersey for any of the violence, which is odd as one character is killed precisely because of kersey's involvement. at the end of the film they all take guns from their sock drawers and gleefully join in with the massacre, never stopping to think things through or struggle with the thought of having to kill another human being.<br /><br />the atrociously shallow performances don't help â? bronson has literally one facial expression throughout and can't even put inflection on the right words. new heights of stupidity are reached here â? a machine gun? a rocket launcher?! â? and new lows of misogyny: the movie contrives to desecrate every female character in sight, whether by rape, explosion or throat-slashing; and it sets them up in supremely stupid fashion, like one victim who ventures into the crime-ridden, gang-controlled neighbourhood to ask out a stranger, or another who goes shopping alone at night. this is dreck, pure and simple, mindless garbage put together without style or sense.this has got to be one of the worst films i have ever seen! the cast is an international one - australian-pretending-to-be-british, stage american and a character with an english name sporting an unrecognizable "european" accent. what passable efforts in acting from this motley crew are totally undermined by a plot and script of especial inanity. so short were the shoestrings of this film's budget and the overall production values are so low that it would have no trouble winning a cinematic limbo competition. in the last twenty or so years we have seen horror films and stalk'n slash thrillers of extraordinary (though not necessarily "high") quality which have been made on no budget at all. recent examples include the poorly made but totally scary "blair witch project" and of course - the most recent - that low-budget winner, saw, featuring practically unknown leads (gary elwes is just someone you don't remember even if you have seen him before). in darkhunters, it is shocking to find a known character actor, dominique pinon and hollywood has-been jeff fahey struggling valiantly to save the film. it is embarrassing to see the once handsome leading man (fahey) in corny makeup uttering bizarrely bad lines. i would have rated this film 0 out of 10 had that been possible!where on earth do i start with the mess that is darkhunters? firstly the script is one of the worst to ever find its way onto a cinema or tv screen and can only be described as a poorly judged stephen king rip-off. at one point the supposedly fearsome darkhunter jack claims that carol, the girl who is helping the man he is pursuing, is as annoying as "a gherkin in a burger". i would be laughing if i was making it up-but i'm not! just as ludicrous is how carol originally came to have the power to see how people die. a cat gave it to her when she was holding it during an auto accident she had as a kid. what????????<br /><br />secondly, for a horror movie, it has no sense of tension or threat whatsoever. this may not be helped by the fact that all the action happens during stark, broad daylight. not very atmospheric at all.<br /><br />thirdly the acting is truly awful, pinion proves again that he needs to be speaking in his native tongue to be even remotely believable. jeff fahey is obviously on auto-pilot but how can blame him as he runs through a woe-ful humphry bogart impersonation as barlow (marlowe-barlow? we get the joke it just isn't funny). credit should go to susan paterno, an actress i was not aware of, she does her best with the awful part she has and puts the other, more experienced actors to shame.<br /><br />at no point is it even explained how the human character can understand what van husen's character is saying to her. she obviously has some sort of degree in screwy alien languages.<br /><br />on the plus side one moment is well done, the car crash involving susan. the sfx are throughly believable and if it weren't for the hilarious storyline reason for this to occur it would have been applauded.<br /><br />all i can say about darkhunters is that british horror will never recover from its interminable slump if movies like this continue to be made and shown. avoid this movie like the plague, although the plague would be a lot more scary.<br /><br />darkhunters 0/5<br /><br />p.s. the insinuations in other reviews that the film remains too intelligent for some are honestly hilarious. it is a weak defence when some claim "you didn't like it because you didn't understand it". the letters after my name make a fool of you not me.hey guys and girls! don't ever rent, or may god forbid, buy this piece of garbage. i have rarely seen a film in any genre as bad as this one. the acting is actually worse than me and my friends did when we were 7 and in the 1.grade had to act in front of all parents and siblings. in fact, we would have been taken up to evaluation for the oscars, if we were to be compared to the actors in darkhunters. the story is terrible, the makeup is terrible, the filming is terrible, the set is terrible, the directing is terrible, etc. i can't actually find anything worth the money spent to see this film.. maybe except all the cats, which my girlfriend thought were kind of cute. please, use your money on other things than on this film.... i couldn't even see the last 15-20 minutes of the film, it was that terrible.. if anyone really liked this film, i would really like to hear from you, and i will try to see if i can get you some counseling at a psychiatrist's office near you..<br /><br />0 out of 10, actually below if possible.. not worth the dvd or tape it is on..i don't even understand what they tried to accomplish with this movie, i mean really. you got this guy running from a bunch of cats, because he's dead, but in order to be really dead this girl has to shoot them? and they leave a corpse even though normal people can't see them because their dead? the script already has a hole in it the size of nebraska, then you have the main character played by susan paterno who just drones up her lines in a monotone, boring voice and with so little emotion on her face she might as well have starred as a female terminator robot. it's absolutely horrendous and i don't even understand how i managed to see it all the way to the end of the movie. the end being just as stupid as the entire movie mind you, and with absolutely no reward in it for the viewer what so ever. they might as well have called this movie "the little movie that could choo-choo ka-choo."it's a shame. there's an interesting idea here, but it gets completely lost in a confusion of commodore 64 style computer effects and bad storytelling. the plot, such as it is, concerns a bounty hunter of souls. it should be a fairly straightforward hunter/hunted kind of story, but the director and/or the writer seem like they forgot what the movie was supposed to be when they were about three days into shooting. things aren't helped by the fact that the main baddie looks like he's wearing a cheap darth maul mask, which they tried to disguise with flowing cg colors. not much to recommend here, even the title seems to propel it into obscurity.at what point does a film become so bad it's good? compelling in it's awfulness, darkhunters stands out as a shining example of c**p cinematography and for that alone, probably deserves some kind of award.<br /><br />the plot revolves around the age old battle of heaven and hell for the unclaimed souls of the recently dead. in the case of darkhunters, the representatives of good and evil manifest themselves variously as a herd of cats, a hooded grim reaper figure with a face of flickering flames similar to a coal effect electric fire, a philip marlowe-a-like with a seriously bad manicure and a female psychologist who appears to be on day-release from kwik-save.<br /><br />the protagonists are competing for the soul of a newly dead teacher who spends most of the film running around a foggy field and bizarrely, a boarding kennels in an attempt to evade his pursuers.<br /><br />the plot is spread thinner than a dieter's sandwich with no character development or attempt to build suspense. the acting is laughable, comparable to a school play - although that would be an insult to many educational establishments. and the dialogue .......... oh, how my sides ached! with the unclaimed souls of the dead being described as "life's unwanted gherkins" by the flame-glow demon, you wonder whether hell really is a mcdonalds.<br /><br />but is is bizarrely compelling, you find yourself watching just to see how bad it can get - at just over 80 minutes, it's worth the time spent for the unintentional giggles.it's hard and i didn't expect it... but it's really the worst film, me and my wife saw. awful dialogs that extend incomprehensibly through time without any apparent reason except to fill time. the storytelling doesn't follow a comprehensive intelligibly wayâ? everything is a mess. the action and the dialogs appear at jumps. the thing that disappointed me most was to see dominique pinon one of my french favorite actors involved in thisâ? uhâ? i don't even know how to describe it without being politeâ? the rest of the actors where at the most poor. susan paterno made a terrible interpretation of her character, making a flat inexpressive performance. poor special effects. i don't think that it was a complete waste of film but it's close toâ? if i'm to say i would advise everyone not to see this movie. i think it would be a complete waste of time. sincerely i never though i would say something like that about a movie butâ? there's always a first time.this is truly one of the most awful movies of all time. it's dull, ponderous, badly acted, and teeth crawlingly pretentious.<br /><br />i watched for about an hour waiting for some kind of drama to unfold, before realising there wasn't any. the shot on a shoe string budget was particularly painful. these have to be the worst day for night shots since plan nine from outer space.<br /><br />the only barely redeeming feature is the ludicrous 'demons' wandering around the countryside with a plastic cat basket. how scary is that? and i did like the moggys used as extras, i suppose they are least cheap. though it did seem a bit obvious that they had been enticed into camera by the careful placement of some tuna.<br /><br />this film is so dreadful, it should have a public health warning. there was a queue at my local video store when i took it back, of people demanding their money back. i kid you not!hm. where do i start? i usually ignore whatever rating imdb has when looking up a movie because i think i might like it anyway or whatever and i should at least give it a chance, but this time i wish i'd paid attention.<br /><br />i know some people liked it, and i'm not trying to say that they shouldn't. it was semi-amusing at some parts. but if you're like me and you don't like watching cats prancing around in the undergrowth for 20 minutes, random fast motion cloud scenes, dogs barking in cages for another 20 minutes set to 'thrilling' music, and close-ups of faces while people are speaking, then you might want to avoid this movie. the actors were either positively wooden or way over the top, and the film quality was awful, fuzzy and grainy and bland and not in an artistic way at all. and i know that we were supposed to think that carol was not just a crazy maniac with a gun shooting innocent people with this weird religious psychosis going on, but... well, she doesn't really convince me otherwise. in fact, i ended up really disliking her crazy character. and what was up with the souls in space? i understand this is a fantasy movie, but come on.<br /><br />i will say, the angel at the end was freaking creepy. it was the creepiest thing in the whole movie, way more creepy than the darth maul lava-face demon. i give them props for that scene, it was good. but not good enough to actually see the movie. and the opening credits were great, but don't be fooled! i would've rather they used whatever money went into those credits to make the movie better.<br /><br />bah. i wish i hadn't bought this for even the $2 that i paid for it, i could have bought a candy bar instead. :/first of all, i really can't understand how some people "enjoyed" this movie. it's the worst thing i have ever seen. even the actors seem to be bored...and i think that says it all!<br /><br />however, i have to give my applause to the opening credits creators - that team seems to have a really good future. that's why i recommend the big studios to watch only the opening credits, and one or two special effects sequences (if they're watched outside this movie, it almost looks like a good movie).<br /><br />better luck (or judgment) next time for the producers of this, this... this "thing!"."death wish 3" is the movie equivalent of a shooting gallery. all the characters (apart from bronson's paul kersey, of course) exist merely to be killed, either as "provocation" (the good guys) or as "retribution" (the villains). the director simply pours on the mindless violence (people even get burned alive and blown up), turning this into an urban version of "commando" (and charlie, like arnold, rarely bothers to protect himself from the enemy gunfire). fans of this short of thing (and, apparently, there are many) will enjoy it, others....beware. (*1/2)this movie really is that bad, and i'm normally a sucker for bad movies, but this was too much. seeing this is like od'ing on pure suck. now, you may think you've seen the bottom of the barrel. you may have waded through every title from full moon and troma, all the movies of edward d. wood jr, uwe boll, albert pyun and direct to dvd-flicks from faded men-of-action. you may even have seen death tunnel, ghost lake and a vast array of the movies that mst3k covered, but in their original form. but you do not know truly awful film-making until you have seen darkhunters. and if you haven't, you shouldn't. don't bother. not only is this movie amazingly poorly written, directed, shot, edited, acted and splattered in crude, cheap aftereffects. first of all, it's a pretentious mess. but not good, greenaway or lynch-style pretentious or hilariously messy in an ittenbach or early waters sort of fashion. it's the kind of pretentiousness that comes when someone incredibly stupid thinks they've come up with something incredibly smart. sort of like m. night shaymalan (sp?), only that man seems like a freakin' messiah when compared to this trainwreck (and this coming from a rampant shaymalan hater). it's also boring. not heavy going-type boring, which is okay, if the movie awards your patience. darkhunters does no such thing. it's boring in a "oh my fu(king god, if i see another shot of a cat set to an obnoxious audio cue i am going to fu(king kill myself!"-kind of way.<br /><br />btw. anyone who claims to like this film is a boldfaced liar and anyone who claims this film is complex or deep knows what their mother is like in bed.i cant go for long describing this tittle, simply because i do not feel strong about it. i read a few comments and i see that only proud and patriotic frenchmen seem to like it, that's all i can say...<br /><br />boring long sometimes even stupid...<br /><br />p.s. 7.4 out of 10, the viewers must be going crazy<br /><br />i cant go for long describing this tittle, simply because i do not feel strong about it. i read a few comments and i see that only proud and patriotic frenchmen seem to like it, that's all i can say...<br /><br />boring long sometimes even stupid...<br /><br />p.s. 7.4 out of 10, the viewers must be going crazythis is, arguably, the worst of the major ava gardner films. yes, she is gorgeous. but that can wear thin over time, especially after the corny and predictable movie ending.<br /><br />in this turkey, robert walker has to pretend that he's eddie bracken (which surely embarrassed him). olga san juan plays the jane powell (golly, gee) part. dick haymes plays a sort of dim sidekick (!), and eve arden plays helen broderick (and a host of other wise-cracking female semi-comedians). yes, the film contains a major popular song, "speak low." but check out the other, entirely forgettable, pieces. dick haymes sings very well, of course, and so does the uncredited vocalist dubbing for ava.<br /><br />the sets are cheap, the script is filled with clichã©s and failed humor, and tom conway looks as though he has been battling with liquor (as indeed he was). in short, if you want to see ava in her prime, buy a photo and stay well clear of this movie.i'll never understand why when a studio like universal buys a musical it then butchers it when bringing it to screen. my first thought when seeing ava gardner and robert walker were starring i would be seeing something from mgm which did musicals best at that time. boy was i wrong and disappointed.<br /><br />one touch of venus which starred mary martin, kenny baker, and john boles on broadway ran for 567 performances in the 1943-1945 season and gardner, walker, and tom conway play the roles that martin, baker, and boles did on stage. the kurt weill-ogden nash musical with book by nash and s.j. perelman was a comeback vehicle for mary martin who reestablished herself as the queen of broadway after a disappointing venture in hollywood. <br /><br />look at the names that went into this show. given who was responsible for the book i expected to see some sparkling wit in this production. instead i got a rather pedestrian screenplay, it was like all the wit was drained out of it. doing her best to make up for it is eve arden playing her usual girl friday role with tom conway, but it's even too much for eve.<br /><br />the story concerns department store window dresser robert walker who kisses a very valuable statue of venus who springs to life in the person of ava gardner. of course when the statue goes missing, conway yells for the law and is suspicious of walker, the last person to be with the statue. <br /><br />the rest of the film is walker dealing with gardner and what will happen to both of them. for reasons i don't understand, ava was of course dubbed by eileen wilson and walker sings only a couple of lines. the singing is carried by dick haymes and olga san juan playing walker's friends and coworkers. of course on broadway the songs were done by singers mary martin and kenny baker. you would kind of think that haymes would be playing walker's role at least. it was awkward to say the least.<br /><br />only three songs survived from the score, don't look now, but my heart is showing, that's him, and the incomparable speak low. haymes's silken baritone is shown to best advantage in speak low which was sung as a duet by martin and baker on broadway. for some reason the lyrics of one of the greatest men of verse of the last century, ogden nash, were done over by ann ronnell. i suspect the infamous code was at work here.<br /><br />in lee server's biography of ava gardner he makes mention of a brief fling ava had with robert walker when she had had a spat with her current man, howard duff. when duff and gardner reunited, walker took it badly and didn't speak at all to gardner off camera. i'm sure the fact that both of them were not in their best work didn't help matters either.<br /><br />hopefully some repertoire company will do one touch of venus and you'll get to see it the way, weill, nash, and perelman wrote it.when naã¯ve young eddie hatch, a window dresser at savory's department store, falls for a statue of venus and gives her a chaste kiss, venus steps off her pedestal and gives eddie more than he bargained for. this creaking example of what hollywood can do to a broadway musical manages to emphasize the inane story and eliminate most of the first-rate songs. the purpose was to make a safe, popular movie without too much investment while capitalizing on ava gardner's upward mobility to super stardom. robert walker as eddie gets lost in a thankless role. eddie's not just naive, but dithering and hapless. gardner is gorgeous, but the only things that give the movie any life are olga san juan as eddie's loving but jealous girl friend, tom conway as the suave owner of savory's and eve arden as savory's long time, wise cracking secretary. it's a role arden could play in her sleep, and she's good at it. <br /><br />the musical opened on broadway in 1943 and made mary martin a big-time star. the only point of a musical, however, is to have music. since one touch of venus was intended to be a social satire of sorts, kurt weill, composing, and ogden nash writing the lyrics, came up with a series of stylish, witty songs and one masterpiece. without the satire, or the clever songs or martin (or an equivalent showstopper), the movie becomes just a weak comedy fantasy where much of the comedy is predictable and the fantasy is worked to death. <br /><br />not only did the producers of the movie toss out almost all the weill/nash songs, they brought in the movie's music director, ann ronell, to write new lyrics for one of the songs that survived, turning sharp observation into lovey-dovey romance. ronell was no hack; she wrote willow weep for me. wonder what she thought about while she replaced or tweaked ogden nash's clever work. <br /><br />the one bright spot in the movie is that weill/nash masterpiece. "speak low" is as great a love song as anyone ever wrote. it's given one of those ultra-professional and lifeless treatments by eileen wilson dubbing gardner. dick haymes contributes a chorus. <br /><br />as for ann ronell, she was one of the few women in hollywood to become a major music director, as well as composer and lyric writer. yours for a song: the women of tin pan alley is a fascinating documentary of some of the women who made it in the business, including ronell, kay swift, dorothy fields and dana suess. and for those who would like to hear what little of the weill/nash score was recorded by the original broadway cast, you might be able to track down the cd, one touch of venus (1943 original cast) / lute song (1946 original cast). the music is paired with lute song, another broadway show that starred martin.i enjoyed the prequels, and found the relationship between tucker and chan previously hilarious. rh3, however, was a re-hash of the first two without the charm or humor. i think i may have laughed once - and it was during the ngs. tucker was exceedingly annoying in this film, and his character didn't seem to have any purpose other than to bungle everything up in the most irritating way possible. chan is always likable, but he seemed tired in this film. i was able to predict everything - who the villain was, who the girl was, (spoiler alert) who the good-guy-turned-bad-guy was, etc. i hope to see more movies from tucker and chan in their separate endeavors, but not in any more rush hour sequels. it's just too tired. i recommend a rental, but not a purchase.for a series that was inspired by kolchak, it's ironic that the x files first attempt at a vampire episode should land squarely on it's ass. 3 has always puzzled me and - at the risk of sounding like the dreadful hans keller - i've often wondered if i'm missing the point. the story feels like a jigsaw that has pieces that don't match the box, and the result is you spending a cosy evening by the fire trying to match sky that is really sea. this incomplete feeling remains no matter how many times you revisit the episode and no matter how much attention you give it. i know that this review puts me in danger of being dragged to whitby by teenage vampires who'll drink my blood while listening to busted, but that's a risk i'm willing to take. i've always been a werewolf man myself.you might think that a show about regular teens with superpowers would be interesting, but it's far from that. take the concept for example: the main character(s) have a big secret that they hide from they're peers. it's just like hannah montana and that's so raven. next, the acting is just average. selena gomez seems to be half asleep through many scenes. lastly, the jokes are either clichã© or boring. if they're not using they're colorful, yet strange dialog to make us "laugh", they are throwing various props around the room. i really wish this show would use more original and entertaining material. in conclusion, wisards of waverly place is a disappointment.if you wondered whether disney could broadcast a show with a character more spoiled than paris, more shallow than britney, more vapid than jessica and more narcissistic than the girls next door, wonder no more. the amazing thing is selena gomez is, apparently, supposed to be the heroine. she's also supposed to be an outcast from the spoiled, shallow, vapid, narcissistic "popular" girls at school, which is no more believable here than it was for hilary duff in lizzie mcguire. plots range from recycled bewitched & i dream of jeannie to "parodies" of harry potter. the older boy alternates between being a magical genius and being unable to master the complexities of his own shoelaces. the younger boy is just another of the smart-mouth "wisecracking" brats who have multiplied on tv like cockroaches in new york (and with the same appeal). the dad is the stereotypical dumb tv dad, and the mom... well, she's not totally awful. but all pales beside the hideous, loathsome, and yet horribly fascinating (like a bad car accident) spectacle of ms. lopez' smug, self-satisfied, snotty performance . and, again, she's the heroine.i have no idea why people are so crazy about the show. it is so boring. the jokes are not even close to what we usually say funny. it's like, alex say something that is not funny nor interesting and then suddenly there's a laughing sound background. my friend and i just looked at each other with blank look as if we asked each other, "what's so funny?!!". seriously, every time we watched that show, you wouldn't hear any laughing or coughing. just a blank look. so we stop watching it. i am personally a fan of sitcoms, so i tried to watch the show. but the show us such a disappointment. this show might be one of the worst comedy sitcom ever...ok, i just flipped channels and caught dw3. i watched it knowing it would be trash..but..as a person who has seen tons of films, this one stands up there as one of the most purely bad films i have ever seen...i'm not kidding. it is so bad you have to watch it, like a bad accident you can't turn away from. sometimes these kinds of films work, ie, troma movies...but watching martin balsam and charles bronson slum it up like this is painful....what's even funnier is i pulled up imdb to see what other people said and it actually scores a 4.1/10??? i can't believe it made it past 1.5! equally as funny is this is not even the pinnacle of this series...somehow this garbage warranted part 4 and 5? and to top it all off, some dude's comments on here referenced this as the best of the series and his favorite film of all time??? statements like that scare me about this world!this is what disney channel shows to kids who are dumber than posts. it suits them well. it's not funny, the acting is the worst i've seen in many years, there are more stereotypes than there are actors, and everything about this show makes you groan and roll your eyes. wanna know why? not only is this show a waste of airtime, the lead "actress" selena gomez looks like a pig. jake t. austin's character needs some ritalin. david henrie's character needs to visit a strip club and get wasted. also, the writer of the show is inconsistent. in one episode, the security guard is called "sir" by one character and referred to as a woman by all else. <br /><br />hello? it's called proofreading and editing. do it sometime, disney. <br /><br />has anyone seen the promo for the new "four part bloodsucking saga"? disney wanted their own version of the twilight vs. harry potter thing. except a million times lamer. the wizards of waverly place movie?? think about it for a minute. family goes away on vacation and 16 year old daughter wants independence from parents. same plot from the proud family movie etc...<br /><br />what's worse is all the emmies and alma's it got. and most of the audience are some-what age's 4-13 (and no life teenagers). how many more years? before selena gomez is showing her tits?<br /><br />and disney shows are all crap..hack writers..hack shows..destroying the minds and wallets of today's youth..the affair is a very bad tv movie from the 1970s starring the then-husband-wife team of robert wagner and natalie wood as hesitant lovers. she has polio and leads a reclusive existence as a pop song writer. he's an ambitious lawyer who is very outgoing and absolutely smitten with her. their affair, such as it is, is doomed from the start, and she knows it, but goes along with it anyway. two things to watch for if you are trapped into watching this: wood's jane fonda hairdo that is never mussed, no matter what, and a tune she sings early in this dreadful flick. she sings it for four or five or six minutes, so you know it's classic padding between commercials. it also is one of the worst songs ever written, and the woman doing wood's singing voice should have been shot and put out of her misery. also, keep an eye out for all the peasant tops and dresses. by comparison, wagner looks relatively timeless, with close-cropped hair and sporting a series of classic suits.natalie wood portrays courtney patterson, a polio disabled songwriter who attempts to avoid being victimized as a result of involvement in her first love affair, with her partner being attorney marcus simon, played tepidly by wood's real-life husband, robert wagner. the film is cut heavily, but the majority of the remaining scenes shows a very weak hand from the director who permits wagner to consistently somnambulate, laying waste to a solid and nuanced performance from wood, who also proffers a fine soprano. the script is somewhat trite but the persistent nature of wagner's dramatic shortcoming is unfortunately in place throughout, as he is given a free hand to impose his desultory stare at wood, which must be discouraging to an actress. the progression of their relationship is erratically presented and this, coupled with choppy editing, leads the viewer to be less than assured as to what is transpiring, motivation being almost completely ignored in the writing. although largely undistinguished, the cinematography shines during one brief scene when wood is placed in a patio and, following the sound of a closing door, remains at the center while the camera's eye steadily pulls away demonstrating her helplessness and frailty. more controlled direction would have allowed the performers, even the limp wagner, to scale their acting along the lines of an engaging relationship; as it was released, there is, for the most part, an immense lack of commitment.describing this film is a difficult task. on the one hand, it's an over-the-top vampire spookfest, complete with cobwebs, eerie music, a hypnotic medallion, and of course a coffin with a creaky lid.<br /><br />on the other hand, this is one of the silliest scripts this side of edward d. wood, jr. produced by the same people who gave us "the bloody vampire," "invasion of the vampires," and this film's predecessor, the modestly-titled "the vampire," the movie sticks close to the lack of logic that characterizes the other films.<br /><br />as i mentioned, this film is a sequel to "the vampire," which i have not seen. but no matter...it's real easy to imagine what happened. dr. enrique, played by abel "the brainiac" salazar, is befuddled when the well-intentioned but misguided dr. marion brings back the staked body of his vampiric enemy, count karol de lavud (i suppose there is a rule somewhere that all vampires must be counts of some sort). dr. marion complains that all important doctors throughout history have had to resort to some sort of grave robbing in order to advance their medical studies, and he hopes to use the vampire's corpse to study such phenomena as the vampire's lack of a normal reflection (at which point he holds a mirror up to the vampire and instead of no reflection, we see the vampire's skeleton. ???).<br /><br />enrique is not pleased, and seems determined to pass off the events of the first film as mere fantasy and superstition. "this man was no vampire...i'll admit that he liked to drink a little blood, but that's all!" he states. also confusing matters is the fragile martha, a part-time nurse and part-time showgirl (!) who happens to be enrique's object of affection. martha narrowly escaped de lavud's clutches in the first film, and apparently enrique has spent a great deal of time "healing her mind" and getting her to think that everything that she experienced was not real.<br /><br />ok, so if you were the scriptwriter for this film, you would need a way to get someone dumb enough to pull the stake out of the vampire, right? well, how about the greedy con man who helped marion steal the coffin? after getting a glimpse de lavud's body, he sets his sights on the expensive-looking brooch that the count is wearing, and he conveniently returns to steal it when the doctors aren't looking. but darn it...he can't remove the brooch because of the stake, so...you guessed it. de lavud is on the loose again, this time with the shady con as his human henchman.<br /><br />ok, so of course the vampire is after martha again, and meanwhile the doctors are really confused about what they believe. at first they are determined to prove that there is no such thing as a real vampire, then by the end of the film they are trying to get the police to put an all-points bulletin out for "a man who is dead but still alive!".<br /><br />you can probably imagine the rest of the plot from here, but the filmmakers do throw in a few pleasing twists. one of the sets for the movie is a spooky wax museum (is there any other kind in these types of films?), complete with a fully-equipped torture chamber...with real torture and execution equipment. the movie has a very keen sense of style, and not just in the campy cobwebs. one effectively creepy sequence has de lavud chasing a victim down a seemingly endless series of streets and alleyways, following their progress alongside vague buildings with no doors while lighting the scene like a german expressionist nightmare ("the cabinet of dr. caligari" seems to be an influence).<br /><br />but the rest of the film is juvenile, particularly in the film's climax. the special effects are quite crude, even for the year that this was made, and the climactic fight with de lavud in bat form is laughable enough...but the director feels the need to ask us to believe that martha would faint and collapse directly over top of a guillotine, positioned so that her head was in the perfect location to be chopped off by the blade, which is in danger of falling because the restraining rope has suddenly begun to fray right at that very minute! what an unfortunate coincidence! to make matters worse, he cuts away from the fraying rope to scenes of enrique trying to dodge the swooping rubber bat, basically standing still and waving his arms around. it's definitely an ed wood moment if ever there was one, especially when martha seems to revive on her own and rises groggily to her feet just as the blade slams down. whew! what a relief! in terms of kookiness, "the vampire's coffin" does not have the lunacy factor of "the bloody vampire" or "invasion of the vampires", but fans of these types of old horror films will appreciate the atmospheric photography, and the fact that the director manages to wring some real chills from this material has to "count" for something (haw haw).imagine yourself trapped inside a museum of the dark middle ages and a resurrected vampire and his maniacal sidekick are chasing you. where is the absolute last place you want to hide? i'd say inside the uncanny virgin of nuremberg torture device, because there's a good risk you'll get brutally spiked to death. and yet, the elderly lady in this film stupidly runs into her spiked coffin. "the vampire's coffin" is a rather disappointing sequel, as director fernando mã©ndez doesn't re-create the gothic atmosphere of the 1957-original but puts the emphasis on comical situations and dialogs. no more ominous castles with eerie cobwebs and dark vaults, but confused doctors and clumsy assistants that provoke laughs instead of frights. the story opens inside count de lavud's final resting place, where an eminent doctor and a hired assistant steal the coffin in order to examine the corpse at a private clinic. naturally the wooden stake gets removed from his heart, and the vampire count comes to live again, immediately enslaving the petty thief to do his dirty work. the vampire has his eye on a beautiful female patient at the clinic, and it's up to dr. enrique saldã­var to rescue her soul and to destroy the bloodsucker. "the vampire's coffin" uses a limited amount of locations and there's very little action. the whole film would actually be pretty boring if it weren't for a handful of memorable sequences and decent acting performances. the photography is amazing, though, with the sublime use of shadows and darkness. this is most notably during the scene in which count de lavud stalks a young woman through the deserted streets of little town at night. it's the only truly worthwhile scene of the whole film, the rest is fairly mediocre and dã©jã -vu.ik know it is impossible to keep all details of a book in a movie. but this movie has changed nearly everything without any reason. furthermore many changes have made the story illogical. a few examples: 1) in the movie "paul renauld" really meets poriot before he dies (in the book poirot only gets a letter), telling him he is afraid to be killed. this is completely stupid because if renaulds plan would have succeeded, poirot would have known that the dead man would not have been renauld.(poirot was in the morgue when mrs renauld identified the victim). 2) the movie has "combined" two persons into one! "cinderella" has been removed by the movie. the girl hastings falls in love with and the ex-girlfriend of jack renauld are one person in the movie! why for god's sake? 3)hastings finds the victims cause he is such a bad golf player. totally unfunny and stupid. 4) the movie tells secrets much too early (for example at the very beginning). so you know things you shouldn't know. 5) the murderer gets shot at the end by a person who doesn't exists in the book. perhaps because the person ("cinderella") who stops the murderer does not exists in the movie. 6)the book is very complex. the movie takes only about 90 minutes. sure it is difficult to include all the necessary details but it is impossible if you include stupid things which were not in the book and have no meaning (e.g. bicycle race).oh f*cking hell, where should i start... first of all; this show is just another stupid american non-funny so called comedy which has pathetic acting and very very poor humor. the american way of laughing-track business makes the whole thing even worse. how come i can hear laughter, yet there's nothing funny happening? pretty stupid, eh? this show is only for those american people who haven't ever heard that there are far more funnier, better and wittier comedies - not only in great brittain, but also in america (the simpsons for example). i simply can't understand what is so good about "reba" that it has lasted for long a while in television. it has nothing new to offer, it underestimates the (possible) viewers in so many ways and it simply isn't funny at all. i could have lived with the fact that there are so bad shows as "reba", but why the hell they had to run it here in finland. if i see few seconds of this horrible show the rest of the day is ruined for me. take my word and believe me - this show sucks ass even more than these kind of american "comedies" usually does. this is simply horrible. do yourself a favor; don't ever watch this peace of sh*t. <br /><br />well i leave the commenting for those who now this language better. thanks for your (possible) interest.my parents may enjoy this show, but i fail to find the humor in it. what is so funny about a dentist husband impregnating his hygienist assistant and the oldest daughter getting impregnated by the captain of the high school football team? absolutely nothing! it's a shock to me sometimes what people think constitutes humor nowadays. blame that on shows like "the dating game" and "the newlywed game" bringing the issue of sex to the forefront in the mid-1960s. sure, the series has its touching moments, still that's no excuse for the content that otherwise went into this series. this is nothing like the family-oriented days of "i love lucy" some five decades before. <br /><br />an answer i would have to why this series plays on the lifetime cable channel is because that channel's brass think women can relate to reba's character! i absolutely dislike the character of reba hart's daughter, kyra. she is best described as a ditsy and bitter teenager! funny, i wonder if the actress who played kyra; scarlett pomers, is like that in real life away from acting. who plays the blockhead ex-husband dentist, christopher rich, is not much better. barbara jean, played by melissa peterman, is ditsy in herself! the characters of van and cheyenne are also very annoying.<br /><br />something else that baffles me is why the dingbat-of-a-series creator, allison m. gibson, decided to set the series in where i live 25 miles away from; houston, texas! reba mcentire isn't even from this state, she's an oklahoman! why is it during one season or more they decided to make the incidental music sound like a pig snorting? what i mean by that is where we hear this baritone saxophone being played with drums accompanying it, but the melodies are basically tuneless!reba is a very dumb show. you can predict pretty much anything that's about to happen. barbra jean is just too stupid. it's like she's not even a character. a show like this should at least have someone who resembles a real-life person. i guess barbra jean represents a retarded person. keira or whatever her name is, reba, brock, they're all stupid! keira is like the smartest person on the show, and she's still stupid. everyone is stupid! that's my opinion on reba. since i have said all i can say about this show, i'll just take up the next few lines of text by saying what i am currently saying right now and do it until there's 10 lines. there. reba gets 2/10.reba is , without a doubt , one of the worst "comedy" series ever. i wonder how come there are people writing good comments on "reba" ... you watch "friends" , "married wtih children" , "fraizer" if you laugh at that , you can never laugh at the stupid jokes and the ridiculous accent of the singer who is trying to make her way in comedy and obviously having no chance whatsoever. the actors/actresses beside reba are ok so i feel bad for them stucking in a so-called comedy show with the least funnies person in the world (reba).to sum up , i suggest this tv show to see how low comedy can get and appreciate the ones that can make you laughnaked deanna troi! <br /><br />richie's brother chuck (from "happy days") with a reverse mohawk!<br /><br />death wish 3 has all this and more, including one clever scene where chuck bronson's character sets up a mousetrap like device that brains a punk when he opens the window.<br /><br />chuck also places a board with a bunch of nails on the floor near another window and smiles when he returns and sees bloody footprints leading away.<br /><br />all i can say about death wish 3 is that it is one of most incomprehensible "serious" movies that i have ever seen--loaded to the hilt with mayhem, and nearly zero police response, despite the use of military weapons to mow punks down by the score.<br /><br />as i understand it, bronson disowned this film, but happily cashed the check from golan globus.<br /><br />if you enjoy quality movies, avoid this one, but if you're in for a cheap "jackass" kind of thrill, check it out.reba sucks. it sucks hard. it's about this awful country singer attempting comedy. they might as well call this show "generic", because that's what it is. it's dumb and generic. reba, you're not funny, and i'm glad your retarded show was cancelled because you suck, and so does brock, barbra jean, the red-headed teenager, that jockey guy, and the 12 year old who got knocked up. you all suck, and none of you are funny. oh, and i heard a rumor that reba is actually a gay devil-worshipper who idolizes hitler and tortures animals. and she puts subliminal messages on her show and in her "music" in hopes to make children kill their parents and kill themselves! but it was just a rumor. anyway, this is the worst show ever, reba is gay, i do not like her, i think the office is better than this show, and this show sucks.this really is an "okay" series.. everyone in it is pretty good. but i just can't take reba. she's trying to be funny but she just isn't and then she got a stupid accent!! if they took her out of the show i would love to see it every day..<br /><br />i have been watching the show in 10 min now and as i said before, reba is destroying the show. however the 20 year old guy (dont know his name) but he's soooo funny, and he's really saving it all..<br /><br />so here's the recipe to get a great show. kick reba of it and then put the 20 year old guy into the lead role.<br /><br />i really hope someone out there agrees with me and thinks (like me) that they should kick reba of the show and put someone else in the lead rolei pretty much liked every character on this show from the start except reba herself. she comes off as an holier than thou type and quite frankly a big bully. and that stinks because she is in every scene and every episode. in the later seasons van becomes unlikeable too,like a spoof of his former self. and kyra walks around sneering and being miserable.the first 3 to 4 seasons are pretty good if you overlook reba. towards the end its pretty bleak.. in basically every episode barbara jean is walking around being dumb,reba is being mean to her,but poor ole barbara jean desperately wants reba to like her which results in barabara jean telling reba how awesome she is in every episode. i think it is pretty clear to see reba has self esteem issues and wants to be seen as this all forgiving saint. its really a shame too because other than her the show had such potential.does anyone else think that "reba" is basically a ripoff of "roseanne"? just look at the characters from the two families, connors (roseanne) and harts (reba) ; the blonde bombshell elder daughter (becky connor and cheyenne hart) who's married to a moron (mark healy and van montgomery), the sarcastic brunette younger daughter (darlene connor and kyra hart), the little brother (dj connor and jake hart), and the quirky relative (jackie connor and barbara-jean booker hart). <br /><br />and then, of course, there is the biggest similarity, reba hart and roseanne connor. "reba" tried to copy the sarcastic and tough-love style mom without giving her the same lovable qualities as roseanne had. or, perhaps, they made her *too* lovable, for reba hart seems to waver between being mean and scary (hence van's line to his wife cheyenne "i'm not afraid of you, i'm afraid of your mother!") and being sweet and caring with little transition in between. roseanne at least managed to get it across that she was being cruel to be kind, since she was always mean and sarcastic and, whenever she tried to open up, it was hard for her. as inconsistent as reba's character is, it's hard for her to be believable. <br /><br />but even if the characters weren't completely ripped off of "roseanne", nothing could've saved the show from being sub-par in the plot area. the writers try to give the show substance but they really can't lay off the corny jokes long enough to give any impact. and you'd better believe the jokes are corny; it's as if they were written by a twelve-year-old who thinks that any joke is hilarious. while occasionally they come out with something that's funny (i don't pretend that i didn't laugh at a few episodes) these gems are too few and far between to make "reba" witty. <br /><br />overall, "reba" is a very mediocre show with obvious ripoffs of "roseanne", sub-par plots and sub-sub-par humor, and (let's face it) terrible acting. the show might be a bit better, actually, if they replaced all the actors, especially reba herself, who is more community- theater quality than prime-time sitcom quality. <br /><br />i give it a 3 out of 10 just to be fair to the good jokes that make it in.this show is made for persons with iq lower than 80. the jokes in the show are so lame. if you are on a deserted island and you do not have anything to do you will be better than to watch this garbage.... you will hate their accent their behavior and all the stupid jokes and pranks they try to perform...it really pisses me of that viewers gave reba 6.7 on their voting...sure i knew there are some people with iq lower than 80 but what i did not know that there are so many of them! so people if you got to read this i hope that you will never ever download or buy this peace of garbage... i know it is not the place for his but i wish to recommend one much better mini-series 'scrubs'while it would be easy and accurate to go into why 'reba' is at its heart indicative of many 'family-oriented sitcoms' in the way it rips off from other better sitcoms, the real truth is that the show is repetitive, full of stereotypes from funnier and more groundbreaking shows, and the lead star is completely out of her element. while i'm sure ms. mcintire can sing and has a fan base that supports that, being in a sitcom shooting out zingers and calling her the next lucille ball is far, far removed from reality.<br /><br />reba herself has no presence which is needed here to establish the fact that she is cast as the put-upon woman of which her entire family is centered. yet after watching a few episodes there is no real connection to the character. i could care less about her adventures because her whole character seems to be mia. reba mcintire has no screen presence, and to make a show around her seems very short-sighted and indicative of most 'family-oriented' programming: to push a sitcom full of men-stupid/women-do-everything stereotypes that appeal to nobody but those who can't afford cable.<br /><br />the show is a waste of time. the only good thing is that it at least has better production values than your standard pax ripoff....just.in my opinion of this movie the entire video portion of this movie was absolute trash!!!! however the soundtrack that was used contained the music of a great heavy metal rock band, i recognized the music as being a band called firstryke and the album was "just a nightmare" and it was very well written!! and i am curious to see what the rest of you movie buffs out there think of it, if can remember back that far i would appreciate the feed back, i collect old movie, and obscure movie sound tracks. it is a very time consuming hobby but is very rewarding. i have seen this bands music being sold in germany on the net for around fifty dollars per album. not to bad hugh?now i've seen it all. just when i thought it couldn't get any more pathetic and cheesy than "woodchipper massacre," just when i thought dialogue and acting couldn't get worse than "nail gun massacre," just when i thought "don't go in the woods" would retain its title as lousiest slasher film ever, along comes "the last slumber party!" somehow, this cheap, wretched manure manages to avoid lewdness, but it remains terrible! i couldn't believe my eyes--for once i can't complain about excessive (or in this case, any) nudity in a slasher film, but it still managed to make me crimson with embarrassment for renting it. never before have i seen such horrible acting, dialect, direction, writing,....i could go on forever with this list! here's a quick run-down:<br /><br />a mental patient somehow escapes from the loony bin, dresses up like a surgeon, somehow finds out where his doctor lives, and breaks in while the doctor's daughter is having friends over for the night. then begins the most stupid killing spree (ripped off from other movies such as "slumber party massacre" and halloween") this side of the universe. the characters have negative iqs, which suggests they are not human. then again, i guess they are not, since they have the tendency to bleed kool-aid when they get cut, as the slasher likes to show use when he holds up his scapel to the camera in way too many scenes. it is only 80 minutes...how many times must we look at that scapel like that before it consumes the whole movie?...which i suppose wouldn't be all that bad of an idea in this case! there is one moment where i thought maybe, just maybe, the director would make it interesting (a second killer was added), but alas! it was not to be! and then to insult even further, there is a stupid super cop-out sub-ending and an even stupider final conclusion. that probably doesn't make a whole lot of sense, but i would hate to give away the dumbest few scenes in movie history to those two or three fools (like me) dumb enough to rent this sewage.<br /><br />i sure hope that, by writing this, i have saved 80 minutes of someone's life. i get on my hands and knees to beg anyone still thinking about renting this: please, please, please don't! this is a fan of the slasher genre talking; i know what is good for you! the only real victims in this rattlebrained, asinine nonsense are the poor morons that have sat through the whole toilet tank! zanatos's score...since there is no negative point scale, i have to give it a 1, but a below-average 1 at that. avoid it at all costs....please!!!!i would most definitely have to say that this is the most terrible movie i have ever seen. it's not just the actors that are bad, but also the fact that the camera person taped the wall and the clocks for about 5 minutes at a time. anyone that likes this must be crazy! this movie is a waste of timei thought godzilla 2000 was the worst movie ever until i saw this monstrosity. my friends and i went to our local blockbuster and spent about an hour and a half looking for a movie. we could not find one since we have seen almost every movie created. we decided to look in the low budget horror section. we looked for the most attractive cover featuring scantily clad women. we finally decided on last slumber party, the. whoops, we made a mistake. it seems as though this movie was filmed with the cheapest camera that could be found in k-mart. the actors were picked up at a salvation army, and as for steven tyler. we will just leave that to the imagination. the plot of this movie was ridiculous. spoiler alert while watching the movie there is absolutely no closure at all. then come to find out all the events were just a dream. this movie should also have been about 30 minutes. if all the camera zooms on still shots, and scans of walls were taken out, it would have been much shorter. all i can say is i'm glad there wasnt a sequel.the 3rd in the series finds paul kersey (bronson) turning vigilante to get revenge on the thugs that murdered his old buddy. i don't know why this movie shoved me into it, but somehow it did. i found myself rooting for bronson to wipe the floor with those punks. every time he blew one of them away i felt good. this movie does not take itself seriously, but what if it did? there is a good build-up to the fireworks finale in which bronson goes on a rampage. but as far as acting and plot go, it just doesn't measure up. if i lived in that neighborhood, i would get out as fast as i could, but it seems like the people are asking for trouble. i know there is that mentality that we need to save our streets, but there is a limit here folks. i had to give it a 4. sure there are good "blow 'em away" scenes but that's about it. at that time, bronson was 64. i'm sure if those thugs really wanted to they could have their way with bronson. bronson takes the place of a schwarzanegger or stallone in this movie. this movie gives you a sense of rejoice. the common man can save the neighborhood, save the day. to sum it up, this is far from being the original death wish, but it is rather good if you are just looking for an hour and a half of shoot 'em up.so one day i was in the video store looking for a movie. i came across this and rented it because it was a film i hadn't seen or even heard of.<br /><br />now i like slasher movies in general, but this is just abysmal, not even good for laughs. besides being ultra ultra cheap and containing all slasher film cliches and terrible acting it has the most incompetent and inept direction i have ever come across. now sometimes the aforementioned traits can be present in a film and some enjoyment can still be had, but not here. painful example of home-made horror.i love cheesy horror movies, i think dead alive and bad taste are great and i think slumber party massacre ii (not even related to this movie) are hilarious. but this movie absolutely stank, i didn't laugh, i didn't even enjoy it.. you can see all kinds of mistakes that aren't even campy. the best take of the scene where the woman leans out the window is the one where she smacks her head on the sill? give me a break.<br /><br />don't rent this thinking it's related to the slumber party massacre series. it's awful and i don't even have a clue how it got any distribution. rent it with a fake name and burn it, do everyone else the favor.i'm not even going to comment on what piece of trash this film is since that has already been established. however, watching this with my friends we all laughed out loud when the lead girl made a shelley hack reference while on the phone. we sat there trying to figure out why the writer would throw her into the mix. we can only assume he had a charlie's angels fixation at one time. based on that reference, we assumed this film must have been made around her charlie's angels run in 1979 or 1980, but from what i've read here it was made around 1987. you sure couldn't tell that from the poor production values. it seems as though it was made by a college student for a film class. and while by no means would i expect a low-budget trash fest like this to be politically correct, the rednecks in this film sure did like to direct derogatory gay remarks to each other. even so i'd still only rank this as the 2nd worst horror film ever made, second only to "nail gun massacre."i got this on a double feature dvd called "scream theater" and it's no doubt one of the most terrible movies i've ever seen. and i've seen some really bad ones. school's out, and of three girls (who if they're teenagers i'd eat my hat) are talking about "non-stop party", so of course they all go to the house of the girl whose parents are the most strict for a slumber party. meanwhile, a psychotic has escaped the local bug-house where one girl's father works & is on the loose with sharp objects and wearing green scrubs, and sporting wide-open eyes...i guess that's to show he's bonkers. of course since he has a bone to pick with that particular doctor off he goes to his house, the location of which is apparently common knowledge. in the meantime, some dumb-jock types are slamming down beers and out to scare the girls, and of course the loony shows up too and starts cutting throats. and that's about it, as the heavy metal music chugs along in the background. or, maybe that's not it, but really, that's all you need to know. unless you spend your time perpetually stoned or drunk, you'll find little of interest here, and even if you are wasted most of the time, you'll still probably find your intelligence insulted. 1 out of 10.my friend and i rented this one a few nights ago. and, i must say, this is the single best movie i have ever seen. i mean, woah! "dude, we better get some brew before this joint closes" and "dude, linda's not wearin' a bra again." what poetry! woah! and it's such a wonderfuly original movie, too. i mean, you don't usually find a slasher film where every single murder is exactly the same. i mean, exactly! now that's originality. and almost all the transitions between scenes are these great close-ups of the psycho in the er scrubs. how cool! the acting is so wonderful to. the dad was just brilliant. must have studied real dads before filming. and how many movies do you find that just don't make any sense? not many. but this is one of those gems. i mean, how cool is it that one guy waited outside for like six hours to pull a prank, while his friends were both inside? that's really cool. overall i'd say this is the single greatest film of the genre, nay, in the world! *****o boy, was this really bad.<br /><br />i saw this on videotape.<br /><br />in scenes that had soundtrack music, it was hard to hear the dialog. when people were on the telephone, it was hard to hear the person on the other end. it appeared that at least two different kinds of film or video stock were used, because the colors and focus sometimes shifted drastically between edits. and there were a lot of out of focus shots that didn't seem intentional.<br /><br />one indicator of the budget (one of many) was when a news report comes on tv. there is just a "news flash" title card badly superimposed with a video effect onto a tv screen, and a voice-over by a newscaster. they couldn't shoot footage of a newscaster, and then actually show it on the tv?<br /><br />the movie starts off with a killer wearing surgical scrubs and mask, wielding a scalpel. supposedly he's a paranoid schizophrenic who escapes from the hospital to avoid having a lobotomy performed on him.<br /><br />students are let out of school for a break, and three young women decide to have a slumber party. three guys decide to crash the party, and a geek named science decides to crash it too. the slumber party is pretty boring, and the guys just keep showing up randomly wearing masks, taking the masks off, and then disappearing. the mother and father (the surgeon who was to do the lobotomy) of one of the girls keep showing up too. the killer knocks slices people's throats without anyone really noticing. the apparent lead of the movie more or less sleepwalks through the movie. perhaps that was bad acting, or maybe it was intentional, since much of the movie is a nightmare, and some of it a nightmare within a nightmare.<br /><br />the ending is really horrible too.<br /><br />the best thing about the movie is the cheesy united home video vhs box art, which was revived for the dvd release (a double feature with terror at tenkiller). i honestly can't tell if it is a photo, or a painting, or a combination of both. the women pictured on the cover are not in the movie, and the clothing they're wearing is way more revealing than anything the women in the movie wore. the throat slicing on the cover is scarier than the ones in the movie - where people tend to affect a goofy pop-eyed look. for that matter, that's what the killer has most of the time: head cocked, and eyes bugging out, mugging for the camera. frequently the scalpel was held up close to the camera in focus, while the killer's mask-covered face was in close-up but out of focus in the background.oh well... its funny. should have been a sadistic comedy, a lot of horror movies lack common sense,but i think a retarded caveman would weasel his way around this situation. don't really expect hitchcock or anything close to this. this is a good one for friends,but i wouldn't recommend it for anything else.this movie lacks all the substance of a true horror movie,the suspense,the shock,and good characters. the killer failed to be the unstoppable force that i expected him to be,and he seemed to be the average angry "d" student able to outsmart only stupid people. and the really funny thing is the horrible acting and the lack of emotion of the so called "victims"<br /><br />3/10 just expect this one in the daily funnies.there are a whole lot of movies, primarily from the 80s, that are so terrible that you can't help but love them. the last slumber party is one of those. i hate this movie so much, but it still remains one of the most watched movies in my collection. i have watched it countless times and get a huge laugh out of it every time. it is the prime example of how in the 80s, any movie could get released.<br /><br />our killers name is maniac randles. (scary, huh?) randles is an escaped psychopathic killer running around in doctor's scrubs and a doctor's jacket hacking off people with a scalpel as he goes along. he ends up coming across a house of girls that are having a slumber party. one of the girls is the daughter of the doctor that tried to operate on randle's, and randle's ended up pulling him down in some kind of sexual position. (lol just watch the movie to know what i am talking about.) now i know what you must be thinking at this point: this must be another cheesy low budget hack and slash flick like slumber party massacre, or valentine's day massacre, right? no! this movie is horrible! first off, the quality of the film changes off and on throughout the film. sometimes it will look like it could have been filmed this year, but other times it is so grainy and blurry that it isn't even watchable. the funny thing is that certain specific camera angles will be blurry and grainy, and other specific camera angles will be clear and perfect, which is absolutely ridiculous and proves that they did not care at all.<br /><br />the director played the killer (as if that wasn't funny enough) but because of the fact that he wasn't talented enough to act and direct at the same time, he just filmed one shot of him walking toward the camera with his scalpel, and then just replayed that clip over and over every time someone is killed.<br /><br />the characters in this movie are completely ridiculous and unlikable, and these people who are suppose to be ages 16-18 look more like they are 25-45. i know that slasher films commonly use adults as teenagers, but i have never seen a movie where it was this obvious. my guess is that the reason none of them are still in the film industry today is because they have all died of old age... or maybe it was just because this movie was so horrible that they never wanted to show their faces again, and that is a good thing because i highly doubt that they could have gotten into any more movies even if they tried. all i can do is hope that tyler will one day make the last slumber party 2: the final conflict and have all of the original actors return. i'm sure everyone would love that.<br /><br />the movie was directed by stephen tyler, (no, not the singer) who never went on to direct again, and it was released by b&s (which i am sure stands for bull and ****) productions. bull&s only released one more film, "forever evil," which was pretty awful, but not near as bad as last slumber party.<br /><br />a horrible, horrible, horrible film... highly recommended.this one's a doozy. dating from 1949, scene of the crime often plays more like a coen bros. movie set in the 1940's and filmed in black and white, except that the writer's ear for pastiche here isn't quite so well-tuned -- maybe this can be seen instead as the forerunner to oscar-baiting schlock like road to perdition. frankly, it's a wonder that this film isn't considered a classic by film professors and critics everywhere, considering how much it offers in term of overly articulated mannerist thrills cloaked in false significance ( much like the grandaddy of all such "fake art" films, citizen kane, or anything by murnau. ) <br /><br />mgm is usually a studio that can do no wrong in my eyes, and i think any story, any atmosphere, even "gritty realism," can only benefit from grotesque overaestheticization. you could say i'm a disciple of the minnelli school. but it takes a certain light touch to write mannered tough-guy dialogue of the dashiell hammett stripe, a willingness, perhaps, to let maybe one or two scenes pass without a line like "careful, mr. wiggly, or you'll have thirteen fish to fry and no little wormies to catch them with." i made most of that up -- "mr. wiggly," unfortunately, made the cut -- but believe me, the dialogue is just that loonily inflated and riddled with non sequiturs. even the lead cop's wife played by arlene dahl speaks like she has a moon-shaped scar under one eye and the christian name rocco. by the time van johnson turns in his badge with the line, "i'm sick to death of death and homicide," you'll wonder how the writer's fixation with ornate literary devices -- in this case, zeugma -- could ever have been misconstrued as "street." <br /><br />for those who have outgrown the naked gun series, this is the funniest cops-n-robbers film going.okay, now i know where all those boring cop/homicide tv shows came from. i do believe they can be traced back to this movie. "scene of the crime" feels more like a tv episode, or an episode of a serial. complete with stock characters and situations - the hotshot cop who clashes with his superiors... the aging cop who doesn't want a desk job, despite failing eyesight... the reckless rookie... the double-crossing dame, etc.<br /><br />i like many of the actors here, and they do a good job, but overall i found this movie dull as i'm not a fan of the genre. i kept tuning out when they were discussing the case ...something about bookies and informers. and oh yeah, there was a stripper, played by the previously wholesome gloria dehaven. what i want to know is: why did she keep calling van johnson "uncle wiggly"? wasn't uncle wiggly a rabbit? a character from a children's book? what the heck does that have to do with anything? i guess i just don't get tough-guy film noir-ish kinda jargon.<br /><br />in fact, much of the dialogue made me mutter "nobody talks like that!" however, i could relate to one scene where the cop's wife (arlene dahl), who worries every time he goes to work, realizes that maybe she shouldn't have made her husband the center of her life. yeah, i know that feeling of loving someone so much, being so dependent on them, that there's a constant fear for their safety. so there are moments of truth in this film, underneath the stylized dialogue and atmosphere which is trying so self-consciously to be gritty and real, that it actually seems unreal to me.<br /><br />a little background: this movie was made when dore schary took over mgm from louis b. mayer, and began to put an end to the wholesome musicals that made mgm so great. dore schary was determined to bring more "realism" to movies. i kinda hate dore schary. maybe we can blame him for all the pretentious, bleak movies being made today, wallowing in the ugly "truths" about life, focusing on (and, in my opinion, helping to perpetuate) the worst of humanity rather than the best. no longer uplifting us the way classic movies were designed to do - providing a necessary distraction during the great depression and world war ii.<br /><br />well, damn it, we still need that kind of distraction today! there's still plenty of depression and plenty of war. and what are people turning to nowadays when they want to escape? trashy, brain-deadening reality tv. thanks a lot, dore!since paul kersey was running short of actual relatives to avenge, the third installment in the "death wish" saga revolves on him returning to new york to visit an old war buddy. he arrives only to find out that brooklyn entirely changed into a pauperized gangland and that youthful thugs killed his friend and continuously terrorize all the other tenants of a ramshackle apartment building. kersey strikes a deal with the local police commissioner, conquers the heart of his blond attorney, blows away numerous villains with an impressive wildey magnum gun and gradually trains & inspires the petrified new yorkers to stand up for themselves. okay, there's no more point in defending the "death wish" series after seeing part three. the 1974 original was a masterpiece that revolved on the social drama as much as it did on the retribution and, even though it was pure exploitation, part two still had quite a few redeeming qualities and at least the events were a logically linked to those occurring in the first. number three frequently feels like a totally separate franchise. apparently, kersey isn't an architect anymore, he's ten times more social and talkative than he used to be and suddenly nobody, not even the police, is against vigilante actions anymore? all these changes and several other aspects make it more than obvious that michael winner and charles bronson reduced their "death wish" success to being a purely brainless and exploitative action series, with a death toll that gigantically increases with each episode, armory that becomes more and more explosive and criminals that get nastier, sleazier, meaner and a lot harder to kill. however, the gentlemen didn't seem to realize that the non-stop spitfire of violence actually creates an opposite effect, namely this extremely monotonous and much more boring than the previous two. i once read a brilliant review that referred to "death wish 3" as the pure definition of cinematic masturbation. this description couldn't be more spot-on, as the script tiredly moves itself from one repugnant execution sequence to the next. particularly the final twenty minutes are a complete "orgy" of gunfire, explosions and executions realized through improvised homemade measures. yi-haaa! this entry in the series has quite an interesting supportive cast, including martin balsam ("psycho", "12 angry men") as the fatigue neighbor who keeps machine guns in his closet, ed lauter ("family plot", "the longest yard") as the slightly unorthodox copper and even alex winter (from "bill and ted's excellent adventure!) in his debut role as one of the thugs.i had seen this movie when i was a boy (before wwii) and was surprised that the local library had a copy. saw it again after some sixty years and forgot how bad it was. this is an example of a movie that was not a "a" movie. no editing, poor script, weak acting and not much directing. should not even be as high as a "b" had a laugh at how jaded i've become over the years. seems to me i thought it was good when i originally saw it.most of wayne's b westerns are kind of fun in a naive way, but this one really stinks. the editing is terrible, and the direction and pacing is completely lethargic. most of the cast stands around waiting for the mute guy to write down his thoughts on a pad of paper, and i was bored. sorry, duke, but this gets a 1.there were many 'spooky' westerns made in the 30s and early 40s, and although this has a strong beginning, it isn't one. randy bowers (john wayne) stopping at a 'halfway house' saloon, finds it to be full of dead bodies, the bartender's corpse draped over the bar holding a gun, eyes watching randy from behind holes cut through eyes in a picture, and a player piano playing "the loveliest night of the year." <br /><br />it was the result of a robbery by the marvin black gang, to get ed rogers' $30,000. randy is an investigator who "works alone," who wastes little time in getting arrested, escaping (with ed's daughter sally's help) and literally landing in the midst of the black gang's hideout behind a waterfall. it all moves along fairly quickly. only one too many chases after randy slow it down.<br /><br />we even get george hayes, clean shaven and playing two parts-- marvin black, the vilest villain, as well as the good citizen, matt the mute, who communicates via handwritten messages. having him play two opposite roles was a good idea, but the writing down of messages thing gets old real fast, even for him, as he finally gives up doing it near the end saying to sally, "ah, i'm fed up with this!" you can find george playing a vile, vile, double crossing villain in the serial "the lost city" (1934).<br /><br />i think this is the only 'lone star' film in which the title relates to, or is mentioned in the film! sally offers her hand to randy and says, "he's not alone anymore!" then cut to their arms around each other as they look out facing a lake. sally's running off with randy seems too abrupt and not sufficiently prepared for. too much time spent on horseback escaping the sheriff.<br /><br />not that bad considering everything, but not that great either. i'd really give it a 4 and a half.john wayne is without a doubt one of the most popular and loved actors of all time. his career stretched over forty years, and within that time he starred in films such as "angel and the badman", "the green berets", "sands of iwo jima", "rio bravo", "north to alaska", and "the undefeated".<br /><br />the film's listed above are hailed as some of his best, unlike this 1934 effort "randy rides alone", which has been pretty much forgotten about as time's gone on, which is unsurprising, as it's nothing memorable apart from its very short running time of just 53 minutes.<br /><br />a young john wayne plays randy bowers, who for reasons never really explained, arrives at a saloon in the middle of nowhere and finds that everyone inside has been killed. while looking around, a posse arrives and finds randy there and they arrest him, accusing him of being a gang member and demand to know where the rest of his gang is. he is put in jail accused of the murders. sally rogers, whose uncle owned the saloon and was murdered, arrives at the jail to see randy in order to clarify that he was one of the gang members ( she was hiding in a secret room when the shooting took place ). sally doesn't believe that randy is a killer, and doesn't recognise him, so while the sheriff is out, she slips him the keys and randy escapes. while running away from the sheriff and his posse, randy conveniently stumbles into the gang's hideout in a cave who were responsible for the murders. randy sets out to clear his name, and also to bring the gang to justice.<br /><br />"randy rides alone" can be a fun film to watch, especially if you're a john wayne fan. but at the same time it has far too many flaws that are impossible to ignore. the film is also extremely dated, as you would expect; we have the terrible camera shooting which makes everyone look like they are moving in super-fast motion, and the dialogue is terrible. the acting isn't great either, and wayne's character is very wooden and he, along with the rest of the cast, look like wooden puppets who are being conducted by someone ( in this case it's by director harry fraser ). harry fraser is at the helm, and does a good enough job but the story is paper-thin. one can't help but feel that about ten minutes is missing from the start of the film as randy just arrives out of nowhere at the saloon and is looking to meet someone. an explanation on why randy was there is giving later on, which turns out to be something like he is a p.i who was sent to investigate the claims that someone is trying to take over the town. to be honest i didn't really pick it up, most of the time i was hoping for the movie to end.<br /><br />but that being said, i didn't find this film to be completely terrible. i enjoyed some of it and found it to be quite fun at times. but it really isn't a great film, and isn't really worth watching or tracking down.<br /><br />overall, "randy rides alone" is incredibly dated and is a tiresome western with very few redeeming qualities. can be fun but overall it isn't a great movie and is certainly one of wayne's weaker outings.randy bowers (john wayne) comes upon the half way house at just the right time to take a break from the trail, and discovers a slew of dead bodies inside, among them a man he was supposed to deliver a message to - ed rogers, proprietor of the establishment. he's observed by the dead man's niece sally (alberta vaughn), from behind a hidden room, where she remained unobserved during the carnage.<br /><br />"randy rides alone" was directed by harry fraser. he uses a filming technique here as in other of his films, where he fast forwards the action from one location to another, usually involving a rider on a horse. it's pretty well done and appears quite innovative in these 1930's era lone star westerns.<br /><br />pre-gabby george hayes is on hand, sans whiskers, and this is the first time i've seen him as a villain. in fact it took a few scenes to realize it was him in a dual role, first as hunchbacked businessman "matt the mute", communicating via pencil and paper, only to turn into marvin black, leader of a gang of outlaws. black's gang was responsible for the murders at half way house, in an attempt to coerce sally into selling out to matt/marvin. another staple player is here as well, yakima canutt as a black henchman named spike. interestingly, yakima portrayed a villain named sam black in another fraser/wayne oater, "neath the arizona skies".<br /><br />there's a fair amount of time-killing horseback riding back and forth between black's gang and the sheriff's posse, as john wayne's character maneuvers to expose the bad guys. in the end, he saves the day by securing sally rogers' thirty thousand dollars, at the expense of destroying the half way house, where he exchanges some sticks of dynamite for the loot in a safe. greedy marvin black attempts to open it with his six-shooter, and the explosion is a fitting end for the villain. in his best "aw shucks" attitude, john wayne falls under the spell of the pretty sally rogers, and alas, randy rides alone no more!watching this film today i got the feeling this thing was missing about 10 to 15 minutes or so from the beginning of the story. john wayne rides up on this trading post/saloon out in the middle of nowhere to meet with the owner about some robberies. all he sees is the signs of a massacre, some dead bodies, signs of a fight and no one alive in sight. that's because the owner's daughter is hidden in a secret room, the kind you find in old english murder mysteries.<br /><br />the reason you find those hidden rooms in those kind of stories is that they were formerly priestholes. catholic families clinging to the old faith in 16th century england built these things to hide those on the run from royal authorities because of their faith. not something you see in westerns, but a good gimmick.<br /><br />unfortunately because of bad editing or writing or both we never know exactly what brought wayne to this place exactly. but this was a b western and not even a good one at that.<br /><br />gabby hayes is in this and he's clean shaven and playing a mute part of the time. an unusual circumstance for the garrulous gabby.<br /><br />if you want to bother and find out what happens and see a whiskerless gabby hayes then see this film.this review is for the uk dvd three-disc box set. disc one is called caught in the act and contains model behavior, chasing jamie and fast and curious. disc two is called bedroom fantasies and contains blue plate special, falling in lust again and love potion no. 10. the final disc is called anything goes and contains chatroom, she's the boss and legally yours. why the other four episodes in the series are not included is a mystery because there is surely enough room on the discs for a lot more material.<br /><br />each episode opens with the hotel manager chloe (lauren hayes) reading a letter from a satisfied customer. we then get to see the story unfolding as the guests check into the hotel. blue plate special is the exception because this story is from a waitress. the writers should be given credit for coming up with a good variety of story lines. for instance, model behavior is about two models vying for the attention of the photo crew; falling in lust again is about a man and woman who parted and rekindle their love when they meet up again at the hotel; she's the boss is about a put-upon male secretary/dogsbody who shows that he is more of a man than his female boss realised - much to her pleasure. all the episodes lead up to lots of nudity and sex.<br /><br />it should come as no surprise that all the characters in this hotel are beautiful women and handsome hunks. even the geeky secretaries get transformed when they remove their spectacles and let their hair down. the sex action is plentiful but to me seems too frantic and false. the camera work could also have done with a bit of moderation, spending too much time close up and so moving about to capture everything, and as usual we get loud music during the sex action. finally, the end credits mention the palm canopy hotel, singer island, florida although my map of florida shows no singer island. the scenery certainly looks more like florida than utah or las vegas that some people have mentioned. this is quite a good effort and it is a pity that the second series is still awaiting a uk dvd release. 4 stars.itâ´s long time that i and my wife didnâ´t see such a boring thriller. itâ´s definitively not a gripping story and it is paced so slowly that we nearly fell asleep. this could be instead a very low budget tv crime series. there are some ridiculous scenes like the one where mafia boss pirano wants to see the jury lady in a red clothes or another mafioso cannot stop to think about her and so on. okay perhaps this should have been a romantic thriller but believe me you really donâ´t miss anything. we gave 4/10.two years after this movie was made, "the juror" came out. don't waste your time on this one. see "the juror" instead. "the juror" is essentially the same story as "trial by jury," with better acting, better directing and a far more gripping aura about it. william hurt was not believable as a cop-gone-bad, and armand assante couldn't be more unlike a mob boss if they had dressed him in a clown outfit. you didn't become involved enough with joann whalley's character to be that upset by what was happening to her. also, the way in which she interacted with the jury wasn't compelling or interesting in any way. kathleen quinlan's role as a hooker/killer wasn't fleshed out enough and quite frankly was unnecessary for to the plot.a antique shop-owner in nyc, played by joanne whalley(valerie alston)gets put on a us district court jury, on a trial of a known mafioso armand asante(rusty pirone), and most of this very slow-paced film revolves around attempts of pirone attempting to get whalley to acquit him of murder, by threatening to kill her son, and herself. much action ensues, involving gruesome mob-rub outs, interspread with willam hurt as the go-between. much of this silly, disjointed mess surrounds hurt and asante's obsession with whalley, courtroom scenes that we've all seen time and again, and an ending that is unbelievable. 3/10 is probably going easy on this waste of time.the movie is a happy lullaby, was made to make us sleep. and thatâ´s what we do, as we dream about the top beautiful natasha henstridge. no screenplay, no deep characters, nothing special. so, letâ´s sleep.this is without doubt the worst movie i have ever seen. and believe me, i have seen a lot of movies. the unbelievable twist the movie makes - going from an extremely bad "alien lifeforms inhabit earth" movie with sickening bad acting, to a film that tries to spread an archchristian "judgement day is at hand, seek jesus or though shall burn for all eternity in the fiery debts of hell" message - left me stunned after being tormented for 85 minutes. even religious christians must be ashamed or furious by watching their beliefs being posted like this. i didn't know what to do with myself when i watched the horrible acting that could have been performed by 7-year-olds. simply disgusting. i am not a christian nor very religious. but if i had been, i would no longer be afraid of hell. rich christiano has shown be something much, much worse.like a lot of the comments above me, also i though this was the average scifi movie, but unfortunately it was not. i found it rather patronizing, and indeed, preaching.<br /><br />but that is not the only comment. the scenes are very 'artificial' (not as in scifi, as i will explain a in a few moments). (the next sentence is a small spoiler.) the movie more or less represents a discussion between two groups. the physical setting of a discussion typically involves two or three men standing next to each other, the middle one typically speaking. in the worst case, the other party is represented by one person.<br /><br />also the interviews the reporters have are very artificial, sometimes even unprofessional. for example sometimes the discussion is between the reporters (i mean, from a point of the interviewed, 'akward'). moreover the interview persons always stay calm, they say everything without normal emotions. i.e. you cannot tell whether they lie or not, are mad or not. they show almost nothing.<br /><br />this is also very unprofessional, the 'christian' reporters always believe everything they are told by the people they interview.<br /><br />bottom line:<br /><br />all conversations contain:<br /><br />- facts<br /><br />- pro/con arguments<br /><br />there are no lies. nobody lies. (the next sentence is a spoiler, ignore if you still plan to see the movie) the only lie happening is to demonstrate how 'bad' non-believers are.<br /><br />this makes me conclude that the movie is a b-movie. it is very similar to 'plan 9 from outer space' (from the 50's), but this movie also has an annoying, wrong set discussion about aliens and christian belief.<br /><br />note: i have no intention to insult christians, people who believe in aliens or whomever else. this is a thought i have about the movie, not about people.<br /><br />moreover i would like to note that i don't know whether the actors are bad or were just given terrible scripts.this movie was the biggest piece of garbage i've seen in a long time.<br /><br />it's marketed as as sci-fi when in fact it's nothing more than a christian recruiting tool.<br /><br />it tells you quite a bit about the state of the christian church, when they have to resort to deception just to get you to listen to their sales pitch. but then again what do you expect from an organization that would go through such great lengths to help protect such an enormous amount of child molesters in their organization.<br /><br />religion is full of nothing but sexual deviants, hypocrites, and war mongers. let's not forget, our bumbling former president actually came out and said that "god told him" to invade iraq. and nobody questioned if he was hearing voices, or seeing things? <br /><br />anyway, going of the subject here. no this movie has nothing to do with ufos whatsoever, it's nothing more than a religious production.as you can read the only good comment about this movie is made by someone who actually watch it at his church ! <br /><br />anyway, movie had a good b movie sci-fi beginning, everything was there to make a good entertaining , easy to watch movie, then everything felt in this religious jesus-will-save-everyone brainwashing mode.<br /><br />story start with 2 main characters, 2 reporters but it fast give the first role to that jesus freak who is there to save everyone's soul with this con-descendant attitude.<br /><br />in a few words: this movie goes from entertaining to brainwashing in about 30 minutes<br /><br />waste of time, waste of money... avoid itok, this movie, was the worst display i have seen in years. the actors weren't to bad (i figured it was a b-movie so they were doing b-movie acting). anyways, i watched this movie, thinking, oh cool a ufo sci-fi movie. wrong. it was just an excuse for radical christians to push a message onto people. the last scene was extremely messed up. that is a horrible thing to do to a person to make them believe in something. what someone believe in is a matter of opinion. this movie just shows how corrupted religion is, especially christianity.<br /><br />if you want to watch a b-movie, this ain't. if you want to watch a movie that is trying to brainwash the masses. well this is the pick of the litter. go right for it. if you are going to convey a message, do it, don't force it. ridiculous, that people would abuse the media to such a degree. especially, christians.this movie is nothing more than christian propaganda. it started off like a good sci-fi movie and then works a syrupy sweet christian theme into the story which is totally unrelated. i had to turn it off half way through because i felt tricked into renting it. the catholic church has officially announced that aliens do not contradict belief in god.<br /><br />the movie is slightly entertaining despite this but the dialog is unbelievable, writing and acting is mostly rubbish and all in all, this movie is mostly a stinker to be avoided.<br /><br />there was obviously some research done into the phenomenon by the filmmakers, but then you quickly realize that it is only for the purpose to debunk and inject their own paranoid religious views into a valid interesting subject. if you are a zealous religious fanatic who believes in demons and angels , you will love this movie.this movie starts really good.<br /><br />after half of the movie it wraps to a religious christian crap.<br /><br />some really christian with psycho problems are talking about good and believe in christ - or you go to hell.<br /><br />don't watch it - it's pure propaganda and its pure wrong ...<br /><br />this movie starts really good.<br /><br />after half of the movie it wraps to a religious christian crap.<br /><br />some really christian with psycho problems are talking about good and believe in christ - or you go to hell.<br /><br />don't watch it - it's pure propaganda and its pure wrong ...my wife spotted this film on the aisle at a local video store. from the cover it looked like a science-fiction film, but upon turning it over my wife saw rebecca st. james was in the film, realized it was a christian movie, and suggested we watch it. we are conservative evangelicals but we also know that "christian" films have a poor reputation in the mainstream. nevertheless, we decided to give it a screening.<br /><br />to be fair, there were a few things i liked about the film. the musical score - much of which was orchestrated - was quite good. the cinematography was also pretty good considering it was a lower-budget movie.<br /><br />unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script. the film begins with an interesting premise - ufo abductions - but by midway through the feature the storyline veers wildly into an evangelistic crusade spearheaded by the movie's two main characters... which then veers wildly into a treatise on the rapture. at least the frank peretti-inspired "the visitation" (which was itself a deeply flawed film) had an endgame that tied together the movie's premise. "unidentified" ends nowhere even close to where it started, which is a huge letdown.<br /><br />as for the acting? the supporting acting ranges from decent to awful. (rebecca st. james plays a bit part and is passable.) for their part, a few of the main characters are manned capably enough. sadly, their talents are wasted on characters so one-dimensional in their personalities so as to be unbelievable. the "protagonists" are anything but; you know it's bad when two christian viewers find the most vocal christian character in the film to be the most annoying.<br /><br />a final note on the evangelistic tone of this movie, which will be of more interest to christian than non-christian readers. in a word, it is embarrassing. other christian films like carmen's "the champion" and peretti's "the hangman's curse" have managed to communicate a genuinely uncompromising portrait of the christian faith without sounding preachy or oppressive. this film, by contrast, is a sledgehammer that feels so heavy-handed and lacking in tact that a non-christian would have a hard time taking it seriously.<br /><br />i do believe that the filmmaker's heart is in the right place, and i applaud efforts to create good christian film. unfortunately, this is not one of them. if your church is looking for a screening of a good christian film, consider "mercy streets," the aforementioned "the champion," or (if you're pentecostal) robert duvall's provocative "the apostle." <br /><br />as for "unidentified?" rent it if you must, but screen it before you show it to a non-christian or a larger audience.first of all, i have nothing against christianity. i believe, every person has the right to believe what he or she chooses. but i cannot imagine how dumb a person has to be to believe this! what a waste of believers' money. they'd better use it to feed some starving families in the third world countries. i don't want to talk about talk acting or plot of this "movie", because i couldn't find any of those in this. story's simple - two reporters, one (a) is atheist, the other (b) for some sake has abandoned religion. b regains his confidence in religion and teaches a a lesson - believe in christ or go to hell. this message appears after like ten minutes and keeps repeating to the end of the movie. people, do not believe the rating of this "movie", read reviews first. i didn't and wasted an hour of my life :( ps: why is it classified as sci-fi? because of those few weird sounds and a bit of bright light from the sky? pps: u.f.o. = satan's evil doings? that's a new one :)supposedly, a movie about a magazine sending journalists to investigate reports of ufos with one being more or less tolerant or agnostic about the whole affair and the other an aussie, a hardened skeptic who laughs at the ufo nonsense. it's all a crock, some kind of money making racket.<br /><br />turns out this movie is actually a deceit, and a trap to actually promulgate christian teachings and the christian explanation of ufos, one i've heard before. this is an ad hoc explanation that is itself not at all biblical but invented by certain modern theologians who can fit anything and everything into their mythology. the paranormal? it's real, just demonic, unless it takes place in a christian context, then of course, it is of god. simple, if it isn't of god, it's the of the devil, stupid! so i suppose since beethoven's 9th symphony wasn't inspired by god, it must have been written under demonic influence. or so would the logic lead ad absurdum.<br /><br />we are informed that since the bible does not tell of life on other planets in the universe, therefore there is none (a version of the ad ignorantium fallacy) and that god created the universe so huge, so grand to show us his almighty power. i think of carl sagan's remark that if god created such a huge universe and stuck life only on earth it'd have been a tremendous waste of space.<br /><br />so what are ufos? they are demonic activity and concern the soon to be earthshaking christian event, the rupture...i mean rapture. before the tribulation, the true christians will disappear from the face of the earth en masse causing mass panic, confusion, car and plane crashes...whatever. therefore satan knowing this is sending his demons to basically create an illusion of alien spacecraft and alien abduction which can then be used to explain away this otherwise inexplicable event. all part of satan's plan which will of course keep people from looking to god or jesus and fall for the lies of the antichrist.<br /><br />this ad hoc explanation also typifies theological mishmash by explaining away one mystery with another, in opposition to the scientific method of explaining the unknown, the strange, and the mysterious in as much as possible, first by the known, if not solely by the known.<br /><br />it's like jumping straight to an alien abduction whenever a child is missing and unaccounted for. i think i'd look first at more mundane explanations like the child has run away, gotten lost, or been kidnapped for ransom or abducted by a predatory pedophile before invoking aliens, or the supernatural or satan or some such.<br /><br />this kind of deceit or trap on the part of fundamentalists is nothing new, as young people are often lured to free rock concerts, that may start out with something innocuous then suddenly switch to overt christian music, followed by a sermon and an altar call. this kind of blatant deception one might think would be more satan's ballgame. but maybe because the christian faith is soon to be in its death throes, these guys feel that anything goes, any deception or trickery or scare tactics are acceptable to try to keep the faith alive, which is facing serious opposition from both secularists as well as competing faiths like islam, the world's fastest growing religion which may well replace christianity, as islam is far more cohesive and unified, and logically more tenable than christian fundamentalism. although this should offer little advantage to mankind, as it would be replacing one intolerant thought system with another.<br /><br />and of course the movie ends more or less with a variant of pascal's wager. the atheistic aussie who is skeptical about just about everything is told. well, if you are right about there being no afterlife and death is nothing but rotting in the grave, no worry...but what if you're wrong?<br /><br />basically, statements implying that reality is going to conform to nothing but an atheistic viewpoint or christian fantasy, is a false dilemma or black and white fallacy. even if the atheists are wrong would not necessarily make christianity correct by default, nor if christianity turns out to be full of holes in its theology, that the materialistic atheists are therefore correct by default.<br /><br />for all we know, native american spirituality might turn out to be the best description of ultimate reality and we might all of use have wished we treated the earth and its creatures a wee bit better.<br /><br />this movie should be stamped right on the box: caution: contains religious propaganda and not meant for informative or entertainment purposes.director fabio barreto got a strange academy nominea for his last movie o quatrilho. quatrilho is a bad movie, but in bella donna, barreto did one of the worst movies of all time. his adaptation of the novel riacho doce is ridiculous. think with me how poor brazilians fishermen speak a perfect english? in the film they do. there isn't a screenplay, it's only a very long videoclip with a beautiful places and many sex scenes with moscovis and henstridge.this is the third movie in a month i have watched that did not go the way i expected. the first two being the black dahlia and hollywoodland, neither of which gave any new ideas of who committed the crimes.<br /><br />i have always had a fascination with ufos and was so excited to see a new movie on the subject of ufo investigation that was not a comedy. but after about 30 minutes, it all went horribly wrong.<br /><br />i could have stood for the acting, the camera angles, the stereotypes if only there was a good story about chasing ufos, but none here. i am not saying there was anything wrong with the subject matter, but netflix pushed this movie as a ufo skeptic and a ufo believer investigating multiple sitings.<br /><br />i stopped watching about half way thru. can't believe i wasted that much time with this one. please don't make the same mistake i did.the only reason i gave this movie a 2 and not a 1 was because for some reason i felt compelled to finish it out! basically, i wanted to see if there were going to be any aliens, any ufo's, anything at all suggested by the title of the movie, the cover of the movie and the beginning of the movie! i was very disappointed to see religion being thrown into the mix the way that it was. this could have been used to the movie's advantage, but i felt, instead, that the movie was trying to send subliminal messages to me! finally, how big was this cast's wardrobe!? i became so distracted by the number of different, and extremely bright, shirts each character had on in every new scene that i began to wonder if this movie wasn't really supposed to be classified under "poor comedy".<br /><br />toe thumbs down!wow... just... wow. there are a lot of reviews on this movie already but i wanted to add some comments of my own. i agree with most reviewers who have said this movie has terrible acting, writing, and directing - whoo boy does it ever. however, i think there is some other problems here.<br /><br />1. why is christian belief and the allowance for extraterrestrial life mutually exclusive? the film acts as though you just can't be a christian and also allow for the possibility? why? they ever-so-briefly touch on this in the film (i.e. "the bible doesn't say there is aliens." "well, the bible doesn't say there isn't.), but the actual rebuttal is never answered. the bible really doesn't say there isn't. so how about dealing with the question instead of dismissing it out of hand? or better yet, acknowledge that this is an infinite universe we live in and if we believe in an infinite god there is the possibility that he made some other life somewhere and has his own plans for them.<br /><br />2. how come the only two explanations for the abductions that are valid are demons and hoax? what about sleep paralysis and night terrors which have been linked to abduction experiences? what if it's something else entirely? too bad the film makers already have their minds made up.<br /><br />3. the film makers claim that all who have had abduction experiences have had ties to the occult. that's a pretty big claim to make without any factual evidence to present. i'm not necessarily arguing that they don't, but if you're going to say something so asinine you'd better have the facts to back it up.<br /><br />4. why does the other reporter (not the greasy haired blonde guy, the other one) always have his hands in his pockets? it's hard to take someone seriously when they're constantly playing pocket pool.<br /><br />i wish this had been an exploration of christian faith and ufo phenomena, but unfortunately the film makers were too concerned with their "faith message" to care much about make a thought provoking movie. as a christian myself, this saddens me.i happened across this movie while channel-surfing and it seemed to be yet another poorly- made christian film about the end times (which i find rather entertaining because they take themselves so seriously). to be fair, i only saw the last 30 minutes, so i missed the part about ufos and the sci-fi stuff. but it was long enough for me to categorize it as an embarrassing and appalling representation of the christian faith, as well as a rather pathetic film in any artistic sense.<br /><br />as a film, the script was terrible, the acting was mediocre, and the pacing was poor. the cinematography and direction were sub-par: no interesting visuals, no layered plot line, no creativity. don't just blame it on the budget- films can still be interesting without special effects. this wasn't. christian films cannot excuse their mediocrity and unoriginality in the artistic sphere just because of their message. and the message here was hardly "christian."<br /><br />**disclaimer: the rest of this comment is targeted towards christians**<br /><br />first off, it is unethical in any business to bait-and-switch your customers. i don't like being told i can win a free ipod only to realize i have to spend $300 at participating stores first. nonchristians don't like being told they're watching a sci-fi film and then get bombarded with christian propaganda that has all the subtlety of a sledgehammer. hidden agendas don't win you any friends, much less converts. <br /><br />secondly, you should not use overt threats to convince people your beliefs are true. the actors who represented christians came off as callous, smug bullies when dealing with the skeptical "unbeliever"-- they even go so far as to stage the rapture in order to scare him into believing. representational dialogue: "turn to jesus- or go to hell!" "fine, don't believe me- but you'll be sorry!" "the day you die, i can guarantee you'll wish you paid more attention to this jesus stuff- when you land in the belly of hell!" ok, i may be exaggerating, but it certainly came off in the same manner. if you think this is a "clear message for christ," you're wrong. i don't recall jesus using threats and coercion. and i don't think people can make an authentic decision to believe in him out of fear. so christians, please don't use this as a "witnessing tool" for your "unsaved" friends. it is heavy-handed, offensive, and inaccurate in portraying a true christian message.<br /><br />thirdly, the theology was bad. apart from characterizing jesus as a means of hell-insurance, it gave no room for debate or discussion and didn't attempt to engage the issue of whether ufos or alien life could exist. instead, it offered one pat answer: "ufos are the devil's scheme to deceive people when the rapture happens," which is neither biblical nor widely-accepted by most christians. as the bible doesn't mention ufos or aliens, you can't use it as a source to draw conclusions one way or the other. the rapture isn't necessarily even a widely-accepted, sound biblical concept, though nowadays most evangelical christians seem to believe it because of a popular book series. if you do your research (as so many of the supportive reviewers are suggesting), the idea of two comings of christ (the first as the rapture) is a relatively new phenomena in church tradition, popularized by some traveling evangelists around the turn of the 20th century. the majority of orthodox christians will probably find this film's message to be a pretty big stretch that rests on a lot of unsupported presuppositions.<br /><br />basically, this film misses the mark both as a worthwhile piece of entertainment and as an accurate representation of christianity and its beliefs. i wouldn't recommend it.movies about u.f.o.'s are always a nice way to kill some time, so on a rainy sunday evening i picked up this flick, expecting what can be expected from a direct-to-dvd u.f.o. mystery.<br /><br />boy, was i wrong! at about halfway in the movie it becomes very apparent that the u.f.o. theme is just a deceptive way of attracting unsuspecting viewers to this christian propaganda. and this is not just a christan movie from an average christian. no, this is christianity of the extremist fundamentalist kind. the scary kind.<br /><br />in the end of this movie, the non-believing lead is tricked by their colleagues using a practical joke in thinking that the rapture has started (which is believed by christians to be the happening in the end of time where true believers are going to heaven and non-believers are left behind).<br /><br />when the joke is explained, it is suggested that it is always better to become a true believer, 'just in case we christians are right'. now that's a lamest excuse ever to become a christian if you ask me!<br /><br />this movie still tries to convert non-believers using scare tactics. "believe in god or you will go to hell!" is the message here. simple, but quite offensive, really. especially because this movie is being sold as something completely different.<br /><br />now let's assume you're a christian fundamentalist yourself and you're not likely to be offended by the themes in this movie, is this a good movie? i'm afraid it isn't. no actually i'm lying: i'm glad it isn't! the acting is horrible, the pacing is horrible, the plot is horrible, especially the ending is laughably bad. as soon as the movie starts, you immediately sense that this is going to be worse than you expected, and you will be right.<br /><br />in the first half hour, it seems to at least attempt to set up a passable u.f.o. mystery, but then suddenly they bring in this count dracula look-alike that starts babbling about the devil. at first you just think this dude is just a crazy maniac, but as it turns out, he actually represents the real views of the makers of this movie. as soon as you start realizing this, you know how this is going to end up. but actually it ends up worse.<br /><br />avoid.my mom and i, rented this movie. i mean, we love those type of sci-fi flicks, whether they be big hollywood flicks or indy flicks.<br /><br />but oh, we were fooled!! two journalists are investigating a ufo abduction in a small city in texas. halfway through, all the sudden things get all christain on us. my mom and i believe in god and jesus and the devil, but the way this movie was preaching it, made it annoying. all i really have to say, is that we are christian, but even we like to have fun. so don't blame christians as a whole, just blame the christians who need to suck the fun out of this movie.<br /><br />in fact you can clearly understand the directors stance on ufo's, and that is that he believes it is all demonic. now, i could say some words, but i will not. all i will say is, that do not watch this movie, unless you feel like being preached. in fact many times it states that we must be perfect in order to enter heaven. well, last time i checked, the only perfect person died on a cross.im warning you people out there, this is just a waste of your time. i am being honest when i'm saying that this is the worst movie i've ever seen. its just a move about christian propaganda! don't throw away your life, don't see it!<br /><br />i think they made the movie so more people will believe in jesus or something, but it works in the opposite way. the actors are all newbies, the story is just fuzzy!<br /><br />i think this movie is a work of the devil. <br /><br />this movie is just not worth seeing, so please take my advice and don't!this is the worst movie i have seen to date. 85 minutes of utterly bad acting,(half the cast seem to be suffering from asperger's syndrome) ghastly wigs, strange make-up (including tide lines around wig areas) and holier than thou characters with holier than thou dialogue that makes you want to puke. one comical aspect of this film, if you have the patience to watch it, is the sheer overwhelming number of costume changes the unfortunate cast appear in from scene to scene - was this film backed by a catalogue manufacturer of desperately dodgy pastel casual wear? were the cast paid in clothes for their efforts? they certainly did not deserve paying with anything else! this appalling effort of a film delivers a rambling plot in the first half, blending into an equally confused arch christian biblefest in the latter. the entire cast and production team should be burnt at the stake, or at the very least crucified!this movie was a major bait and switch. i rented it because of rebecca st. james, a popular christian singer. i have met her and wondered what she would be doing in a ufo movie. well.......<br /><br />i think that she starred in this movie to help out a friend, or a friend of a friend. my first clue that this movie wasn't what it was supposed to be was when i witnessed the special effects of the ufo encounters. cheesy! as the movie progressed, i noticed how plastic the actors were. it was funny how almost everyone in the movie wore solid colors. (there are a few exceptions).<br /><br />rebecca was verrryyy disappointing. she is always found in the house and doesn't show the realistic facial expressions of one whose husband has return to the fold. doesn't she ever leave the house? <br /><br />i had to turn off the movie several times in order to finish it. i hope that rebecca doesn't believe the message of this movie - believe in what we believe or suffer and go to hell. jesus spread a message of love and hope. his message inspired others to change out of love, not fear.after a good start, it turned out to be the worst piece of holier than thou propaganda i've ever seen. this movie is an open insult designed to make you feel bad about not reading the "holy bible".<br /><br />to resume the...ok let's call it a plot... basically alien don't abduct people (that we already know..). no, in fact its demonic forces abducting people which are in new age stuff or witchcraft, or read porno magazine (as one protagonist does).<br /><br />it's complete with the little emotional piano music when the lead character realize he must blindly follow christ to be saved.<br /><br />a quote sums it all , imagine a subtle piano music in the background : "you can't let others, even those you love, stop you from following the lord.."<br /><br />and we are supposed to live in an enlightened age...still work to do. boycott this piece of crapthe dvd for this film is by alpha video--a company that almost always releases the poorest quality prints. in alpha's defense, often that is the only print available, but the specialize in public domain and cheap-o films. if you can find another print by a different company, try it first as the print for this film is scratchy and faded. still, compared to most alpha dvds, this one is excellent--especially since the sound is pretty clear (and alpha never seems to include closed captionings--even with films with horrid sound).<br /><br />a man has been dating a lady for a very long time. one night, he's a bad boy and spends the night with another woman. soon afterwords, he comes clean to his fiancã©e about this, she forgives him and they marry.<br /><br />very soon after the wedding, he gets a frantic call from the other woman--she needs to see him and has just tried to kill herself. when they meet, he learns that she has an std and she wanted him to know that he, too, might now have it. then, although there is a nurse there and they are treating her for the suicide attempt, she somehow finds a gun and kills herself! the makes a huge mistake. he does not tell his doctor and he doesn't tell his new wife. some time passes and now she and the baby are infected! at this point, the doctor meets with the guy and tells him about the importance of getting treatment and they shows him rooms filled with horribly infected people (actually, these were just films of people with stds that they spliced into the film--most of whom have syphilis).<br /><br />in some ways the film is very progressive. it addresses a serious issue and it's interesting how the film encourages couples not to wait to get married but to marry fast and give in to those sexual urges--but only with each other (not bad advice at all). on the other hand, the film never exactly says what it's talking about. they never use the terms std, vd or the like, nor does it even name the diseases. often it is referring to syphilis but at other times it's talking about herpes or other stds--the information just isn't very clear or specific--a very common problem with such films from this era. audiences at the time must have felt quite confused about what they were seeing and many of the more naive probably needed to have some of their 'faster' friends explain it all to them! <br /><br />speaking of "such films", in the 1930s-50s, lots of small and often sleazy production companies made films decrying the dangers of drugs and sex (though often they really just wanted to promise a bit of cheesecake for audiences who usually could not see such racy fare in hollywood films). many of these are hysterically funny since they are so over-done and the information so inaccurate. the most famous examples are reefer madness and sex madness (both by the same two-bit production company) and compared to how salacious and stupid those two films are, this cheap film seems like it should be in the criterion collection!! <br /><br />interestingly, there are weirdos out there (i would definitely be included among them) that enjoy seeing the films because they are often so bad and so horribly made that they are great fun. this one, however, isn't that bad nor is the message that convoluted and the film of the victims isn't as grotesque as some similar films. while the message really should have been more explicit and useful, for a 1933 film it's pretty good--despite the occasionally poor acting and the ludicrous suicide scene. remember kids--just say 'no' to suicide!<br /><br />oh, by the way, the "two years of treatment" they talk about in the film was actually the norm for syphilis back in 1933. nowadays, it's a lot more treatable--as are the rest of the stds.i thought i was going to see a ufo movie. instead, i saw a movie that was trying to make the audience (me) make the decision to accept christ in my life, or risk going to hell. the whole ufo thing was one big red herring!!! the acting in it was pretty pathetic. in fact, it looked as though some people from an evangelic church just got got together and decided they wanted to make a movie. all the characters talked as though they were in church conversing with other church members. it wasn't real-life dialog at all. i wish i had read some reviews before seeing this movie so i wouldn't have wasted my money on it. if, on the other hand, you are into the whole church scene in a big way, and want to see a demonstration of how to push your views (no matter how limiting) onto other people, then by all means, go see it.i just happened to stumble to this film and checked imdb for more information: score 6,7, well... not so bad. genre: scifi...good i like scifi. so i got the movie and i was looking forward to have a relaxing sunday evening watching it. but but...no.<br /><br />as in summary, this isn't a movie at all. it is a religious advertisement, including: preatching about jesus, god, devil, end of the world etc. movie starts with a epic abduction story: driving at night, car stops, bright light and so on... well, actually that was the film. last of this ..ummm... frankly i don't know what to call it...was dialogue about end of the world and last judgement. quite a same stuff what these tv-preachers tell you, but they are "good" at it.<br /><br />honestly, if you wan't to see a scifi movie or something with ufos, please stay far away from this "thing". it has nothing to do with them. if you want to hear some cuckoo head's opinion what the bible has to say and what you should do. then go ahead and watch this "thing", but i still prefer going to the church at sunday.<br /><br />this is complete bull. (and evangelical christian propaganda, as another users said= well... i should have red another users comments before i got the movie. <br /><br />(27% of voters have rated this "thing" as 10. yeah, right. please, go somewhere else to do your propaganda)christian propaganda...lots of fear mongering...<br /><br />this is not scifi, this is chrifi (christian fiction).the movie started out ok but took a sharp christian right turn. from then on it was all about god, jc, the holy bible and the devil . the ufo's are really just demonic deception to fool people in to believing that there is other intelligent life in the universe. satan's idea is to trick you in to thinking that there could be more to life than what is in the bible.<br /><br />the abductions could be used to explain away the rapture. the people left behind would believe it was a mass alien abduction, instead of god taking all the christians to heaven. no reason to repent if its aliens. the deeper message in the movie is that if you don't believe in god and have jc in your life than you believe in nothing and your life has no purpose.this movie should have come with a disclaimer that it was akin to the left behind series. i did not know it would be a bible-thumping movie. i expected it to truly be a movie about ufos and alien abduction for entertainment's sake. as previous reviewer comments, it would be fine to show at a church, but not at a public theater, at least not without the consumer's prior knowledge of what the premise of the movie is about. i felt deceived out of my $$ spent for this movie, as nothing in the summary refers to its religious overtones. if you go to church, it'll probably be shown there for free some time. other than the cover-up of its true subject matter, the movie was fine as far as acting and script were concerned. but i have to say i walked out an hour into the movie when i saw what direction it was headed and that i was not going to be entertained, but preached to.this movie was poorly conceived, poorly written and poorly acted. all of the characters were two-dimensional. it was a real amateur attempt. the movie was fundamentalist christian propaganda. the christian characters are holier-than-thou and they are without a shred of compassion for the skeptic or the undecided characters. the movie was a real "gotcha" for both the skeptic character and myself as a viewer, putting us in a very uncomfortable situation. i complained to the theater management and was given a free pass to another movie. i remember another movie on a similar subject, "the rapture," starring mimi rogers, that was much better and professionally done. i think i'll watch "the rapture" again. if you attend "unidentified" and don't like it, don't say i haven't warned you.how awful is it? let me count the ways: 1) it is a bait-and-switch movie that starts out being about a ufo investigation, then turns into a high-pressure sales job for christianity. c'mon! if the makers of this movie felt so strongly about their message, why disguise it? it annoys non-believers and pushes fence-sitters in the opposite direction. 2) it's not even a good sales pitch! if the characters in this flick asked me to go to church with them, i'd run like hell in the opposite direction. they're scary! 3) the acting is terrible. they all behave as if they were in an educational film about etiquette in the workplace. 4) the cinematography is home-movie bad. wait, actually its not even that good. 5) script bad, bad, bad. all dialogue, no action. like a tennis match, they bounce back and forth between the "talking head" close ups. 6) direction... what direction? oh, there must have been a director there somewhere. i challenge you to figure out where.<br /><br />believe it or not, i have some positive comments about this movie. the editing seemed professional, but couldn't make a difference. a good edit of bad material is still a bad movie. the opening theme music was actually very good! very scary and ufo-ish. too bad the movie wasn't about ufos.<br /><br />if you can't tell already, here's the bottom line. i wasted my money seeing this movie, and it made me angry. if they had not disguised what this movie was really about, i could say it was my fault.this movie was terrible. it is not something that people should have to pay to see. it looks like some christian group made it to convert people. i don't understand why it was released to theaters and not to tv.<br /><br />it started out like an old fashioned b movie sci-fi film from the 50s, but quickly changed. about 30 minutes into the movie the characters start talking about "god" and "do you believe in jesus?" it quickly moves into pure religion territory.<br /><br />i thought i was going to a sci-fi movie. the film has poor acting; bad camera angles and is amateurish.<br /><br />avoid it!calling this a "sunday school" movie might be generous, because, even as a christian, i found the religious message so one-dimensional that i wouldn't want to see it at my church. the message is, "read your bible, go to church and sign up for fire insurance, so you won't get left behind at the rapture." there was no love. i guess when you get right down to it, i don't believe in the god portrayed in this film. the guy who was supposed to have all of the spiritual answers came across like count dracula.<br /><br />aside from the spiritual/religious element, the script was tedious--saying the same thing over and over. that might have been to make up for some of the acting, which was unable to deliver a convincing line the first time, so they just said the same thing over and over.<br /><br />i did enjoy the final scenes. i thought it made a point without hitting someone over the head or stooping to a sunday school formula. the movie wasn't all bad, just most of it.<br /><br />i am in favor of more clean movies that are well-done and that present truth in a non-preachy way. this wasn't one of those, i am sorry to say. i took my family to this film, wanting to support that kind of movie. now i'd like my money back.unfortunately, i went to this movie for entertainment purposes based on the limited information i had seen on fandango. since i am a sci-fi buff the notion of a movie about ufos interested me.<br /><br />instead, this movie quickly revealed itself as an evangelical christian propaganda flick. appropriate for an audience of like-minded individuals but very un-christian like to exploit the movie mall scene and preach to an unsuspecting audience, especially considering the costs of tickets and concessions. shame on you! at least the da vinci code did not hold back its wild-eyed craziness.<br /><br />so, this b-grade movie (and i am being kind) production will be appreciated in those churches with similar beliefs, probably shown to wednesday and sunday evening youth groups. but if you are a mainline christian or non-christian you will not be comfortable.one of the worst films i have ever seen! after watching it i walk out like, what happened? i am confused to this day, can someone explain that movie to me please? both the acting and picture quality are so bad ,you'll think you're watching someone's school project made with a home camcorder. first,i can not believe that how some people could give 10 star to this movie.because,.it's unbelievably bad movie! this movie isn't scary at all! there is even no typical horror clichã©s,too. the plot and acting of this movie was terrible. it's not,fantastic,surrealistic or horror,it's just hideously bad turkish feature film.and finally there were a lot of unnecessary scenes and unnecessary characters. when i watch 'gomeda' i fell into so hopeless,so sad for young turkish movie maker.please,please don't make 'cinema' like this!this movie is really bad, there is nothing appealing or worth of commentary in it except for the beautiful settings: chilean landscape. i know i must supply four lines as a commentary for this movie, but the thing is that it is such a bad movie, that i can only say that is actually bad. michael ironside is the only one who saves the money in the film.i gave this a 3 out of a possible 10 stars.<br /><br />unless you like wasting your time watching an anorexic actress, in this film it's carly pope, behaving like a ditz, don't bother.<br /><br />carly pope plays sara novak, a young college student, who becomes intrigued with a game of riddles, that leads her down into subway tunnels underneath the city - a dangerous thing for even a well-armed man to go in alone.<br /><br />there are various intrigues in the film -- a weirdo classmate who is apparently stalking sara, a cynical shopkeeper who runs some kind of offbeat hole-in-the-wall establishment that appears to be located in the back alley of a ghetto, a nerdish dim-wit that hangs around the cynic's shop, and a woman named emily gray, who is back in prison.<br /><br />sara's father is a lawyer who is handling emily gray's case. <br /><br />a few years back, emily gray attempted to drown a 12 year old boy. emily was put in a mental hospital for 5 years, and for some cockeyed reason they let her out again, even though it is obvious she is still dangerously deranged.<br /><br />the only explanation emily has ever given for her crime is: i never sinned.<br /><br />it's all part of the design.<br /><br />well, my friend, don't expect to ever get any better explanation than that, because you won't.i watched gomeda on movie theater at my city. my friend took away me and i was really curious what would be it looked like. well, i must say this movie was not a horror,may be we can say that is 'fantsastic experimentation'...ok here i go anyway... but there was a lot of shooting,acting,dramatic,theatrical and storytelling problems.i can understand because of director is very young and gomeda is his first feature film.ok directing of this film was not pretty bad,i see.unfortunately, due to the restraints placed on the film by its extremely low budget, the visuals are often as murky as the storyline.and there is no powerful gothic scenes.as a horror movie it really fails, no scares at all and it is quite muddled and boring. some people say 'gomeda' is an art movie, but i could not see a laughable,terrible and breoken off art movie like that.so, how can we say it is an art movie!just funny!this movie changed my life! hogan's performance was nothing short of incredible, and i still haven't recovered from his exclusion from the 1990 oscar nominations. and as brightly as the hulkster shines in this movie, you can't discount the brilliant writing and direction that vaults this masterpiece in to the highest strata of achievement in film. if you haven't seen this movie, drop what your doing right now and get yourself a copy. i guarantee it will blow your mind. and if you don't like it, then i just have one question for you.... watcha gonna do when the 24 inch pythons and hulkamania runs wild on you!!!!... in search of the cheesiest "so bad it's good" movie, i've repeatedly laughed at the first fifteen minutes of various films, only to be left disappointed and bored at the end. not this time!!! my eyes teared up, my belly and my cheeks ached from laughing so hard throughout the movie. sure, hulk hogan is a subpar actor and the plot is utterly predictable, but everyone dives into this movie knowing all this - all anyone wants to see when renting this is hogan breaking out a can of whoopass, with a bunch of "yeah brother"s and "whatchugonnado"s flying from his infamously goateed mouth. and while the hulkster on the screen pales a bit in comparison to the hulkster in the ring, seekers of the ultimate cheese will certainly not be disappointed by this backhand gem of a flick. a laugh riot.hulk hogan and zeus are horrible wrestlers and horrible actors. hogan for some reason was popular enough to get a movie deal i'll never know why. if not for vince mcmahon's money this stupid film would have never been made. maybe someday someone will make a good movie about pro wrestling. no holds barred is not that movie.hulk hogan plays rip a professional wrestler who has a big heart but is pushed to the limit when his girlfriend(joan severence) is kidnapped by thugs who are forcing him to take on another wrestler(tiny lister jr.)bottom of the barrel actioner is such a failure that even hogan looks ashamed to be in it, and with the evidence portrayed, he should be.a thinly veiled attempt to push hulkamania to the film going non-wrestling fan. what could be worse than hogan in the movies? bad actors in the wrestling ring, and this film produced both, as tiny lester made his way to the wwe that summer in the mother of all promotional blunders. see the dictionary under oops. as a card carrying member of the stupid kids of the world paid to see this in theaters and when i came out i immediately checked into h.a. - hulkamaniacs annoynimous. i am proud to say i have been off the hulk for 17 years now and have never had a craving since. since this was made to bring in more fans to the juggernaut that was the wwe in hogans hey day one has to wonder if there weren't more fans like me who turned to other past times that did not poison ones mind like this offense to celluloid did, such as huffing gas or russian roulette.no holds barred is that movie that when you were nine or ten was the coolest movie this side of arnold schwarzenegger. but then when you grow up and watch it you feel embarrassed that you were so gullible to have liked it. you feel cheated, embarrassed, and stupid. if you have a little brother and you show him this and he tells you it's gay, give him a high five and take him to the strip bar for his eleventh birthday.i remember when they made a big deal about this when it was coming out. they showed clips every week on wwf tv and everyone was excited. it debuted opening weekend at number two behind indiana jones and the last crusade. then it did a nosedive. critics hated this film. i don't remember seeing one good review. everyone agreed it was bad and sometimes grotesque. i didn't know they meant back then but now i do since the movie makes references to gay bars, women getting slapped hard and nearly raped and a disgusting looking bar restroom with overflowing urinals lol. when i was younger, i didnt care for that. it was hulkamania, brother!!!<br /><br />now i find this pretty bad, but still fun to watch once in a while when its paired with bodyslam (which has a better storyline). first off, hulk hogan's acting skills just aren't great. he is one dimensional like the character he plays in the wrestling ring. and actually, rip and hulk are not to far off from each other. kurt fuller is a good actor, but he is not good at playing the bad guy. he is better at comedy and nervous drama characters. he is just not believable as brell. there isn't much character development in this film and the ones that suffer are the characters of randy, rip's brother and charlie the trainer (in wrestling its unheard of a trainer escourting a wrestler to the ring lol). tiny lister plays zeus the way its supposed to be played, so there isnt any problem there. joan severence is passable and for all you softcore hounds, she does have a lingerie scene lol. by the end, you figure, what's the point?<br /><br />for this one (as with other wrestling films or films that feature wrestlers as the main star), turn your brain off. you'll enjoy it more if you do.i worked on this atrocity ten years ago. luckily for me, no one knows it because i didn't make the final cut. and when i saw the movie in the theaters, i was glad! my agents were driven nuts by the (apparently first-time) filmmakers, rewriting the script daily and changing their arrangements with the agencies just as often. they later told me that, once back in california (we shot in atlanta), these "professionals" had 4 1/2 hours worth of footage! even edited down to 90 minutes, it's at least twice as long as it needs to be. i found hulk hogan surprisingly charming, but otherwise -- what a waste of film!no holds barred is a movie that should in no way ever be taken seriously. it sucks hardcore as a serious movie. look at it more in the way that you should plan 9 from outer space. they are one in the same in that they are both so bad they are funny. the funny moments in no holds barred are usually the ones that aren't supposed to be. when rip (played by hulk hogan as only he can play them) grabs the limo driver out of the front after his first meeting with brell (kurt fuller) hilarity ensues and it is one part of the movie that every person should see. it might be the funniest scene ever, i swear.<br /><br />anyway, how someone thought this movie would make money i'll never know and that person should probably be beaten into submission. i hope they at least got fired. this movie earns a 1 out of 5 on my scale and that one is just for the unintentionally funny parts.he's the only reason to see this film. he gives a very good performance--much better than this crap deserves. he's very handsome and very talented--he deserves better than this. also depressing is to see malcolm mcdowell in this. he's another talented actor who deserves better but, like esai, he gives a very good performance. so, if you're fans of either of them you might want to watch. otherwise, stay away. one more complaint--couldn't we have had more scenes of esai shirtless?ignoring rocky 3, this is easily hulk hogan's best film, and it still rates as one of the worst films ever. hulk hogan essentially plays hulk hogan, bringing his wrestling buddies in for a film, with all the cliches to go along with it - the crooked promoter, the unstoppable monster, the injured kid, the sexy woman and... "dookie".in 1989 here in nz wrestling was somewhat of a mega-hype phenom, and who was steering starship at the pinnacle was the orange goblin himself, hulk hogan (one of my uber-heroes at this time), so it seems obvious to me now why i adored this movie in 1989-90 when it came out here. hulk hogan a.k.a terry bollea is a shockingly bad actor and zeus a.k.a tiny lister is worse!!! the story line follows a standard wwe (then wwf) circa 88-91 story line culminating in the standard good guy beat down, hulk up and then get beaten down again story line only to follow that the good guy calls on all his inner strength( gained from eating vitamins, saying prayers etc etc ) to mount the epic come back..... pretty standard formula here. worth watching if only for reminiscing your youth!!!!being a wrestling fan, movies about wrestling generally suck (backyard dogs, bodyslam, jesse ventura story) but this one isn't the worst i've ever seen. yes its bad but its better than some of the others i've mentioned.<br /><br />hulk hogan stars as basically himself and for some reason, a rival network wants to beat him up because he doesn't want to be on that network. let me explain it so everyone can understand....picture usa network having rip...and tnt will go to any lengths to get him.<br /><br />does this make sense...no? well don't feel bad because it doesn't make sense. nor does it make sense to have a legit ex con have a real fight with rip at the end of the movie.<br /><br />none of this movie makes much sense but compared to other wrestling movies and later hogan films its not so bad.<br /><br />4 out of 10hulk hogan stars as a champion wrestler (a real acting stretch...) named rip, who is forced to defend his honor, his title and his girlfriend from a greedy corporation that wanted him to sign for their network (because wrestling sells!) however when rip declines, the network gets a circuit fighting championship called (and i'm totally serious) "battle of the tough guys" who's champion zeus (played by tiny lister jr) maybe the deadliest man alive. rip refuses to fight, until his brother is attacked and put in a hospital. no holds barred is pretty much what i expected from vince mcmahon production starring the least versatile actor in the action genre (hogan) it is basically lots of unintentional humor, tons of awkward sequences, a couple okay action sequences and tons of stupidity. in other words it's not unlike wrestling itself, so i give it a fair rating mainly because anyone renting this knows what they're getting. the movie is cheap but well made enough for what it is and really wrestling fans will probably enjoy this. i myself found this to be ultimately hilarious. they're are moments of such absurdity that you only chuckle to yourself. (such as the way hogan jumps 20 feet in the air after being stuck in a limo, how he forces a guy to crap himself and of course the way hogan recites from his cuecard. (i.e:"i'm not going to be around when this check clears!") no holds barred is a lot of fun, true, though it's mainly because of how ridiculous it is. fans of camp should really enjoy this clever clinker.<br /><br />* * out of 4-(fair)a new wrestling show paves way for the most feared wrestler ever imaginable, the giant zeus. network president brell does everything in his power to draw wwf champion rip into the squared circle to face off against zeus for the championship of the 'battle of the tough guys'. but zeus is unlike any competitor rip has ever faced.<br /><br />normally i would give hogan some leeway as a wrestler crossing over into a movie role, however this film didn't ask the hulkster to make very much of a stretch, it simply asked hogan to play himself, which he failed at miserably. 'tiny' lister made a good effort as the mighty zeus, but even his work left the film lacking something, namely acting!<br /><br />watch this movie, if you so desire, with a grain of salt and a sense of humor, otherwise you will probably have to turn it off a little over ten minutes in.mind you, it's not supposed to be, but it is. as a wee tot, i watched this movie in the theatre (being a huge wrestling and hulk hogan fan). all i remember from the night is we were the only ones in the theater, and that i didn't really like it very much. i blacked the rest out, and for good reason.<br /><br />a poor film on par with the greats like "gymkata" and "the pumaman," "no holds barred" is a movie set in the high stakes world of pro wrestling. well maybe the stakes aren't all that high...and quite frankly i feel dirty just calling these people "professionals" at anything. and really, except for the first scene, there's no wrestling to speak of. so i guess movie is about the marginally low stakes world of amateurish beating-the-c***-out-of-people. sounds good, right?<br /><br />hulk hogan plays rip, the champion of the wwf (never let it be said that hulk hogan was typecast, this and movies like thunder in paradise showed how he challenged himself with deep roles that really pushed the limits of his talents). essentially he's playing himself, but with a wardrobe that's more black and blue than the hulkster's red and yellow. he also has this hand gesture he does. it's kinda like the ozzy devil sign people make at rock concerts, except you stick your thumb in the air, and you curl your index finger in. my friend claimed that it was supposed to look like an "r." try and see for yourself. if that looks like an "r," well, then, mars needs women. but anyway.<br /><br />kurt fuller, with his overacting detector obviously on the fritz, plays a tv exec with his slightly homoerotic heart set on getting rip, who's evidentally bigger than elvis, on his network. he won't have any of it (and exits the office with a triumphant hand gesture to no one but the camera), and so the movie follows fuller trying to boost ratings and get back at rip. he does so when he creates his brilliantly titled "battle of the tough guys." marketing genius, this guy.<br /><br />from the numerous hand gestures, to the rather idiotic fight scenes (all played as if wrestling is very real and deadly serious) to the overacting, to the far too frequent shots of hulk in nothing but undies, this movie has everything you'd ever want in a dumb movie. it's frivolous, not too taxing on the mind, violent, and includes the phrase "what's that smell?" "dookie!" "dookie?"<br /><br />a classic for all time.i really should give this stinker more credit that 1 star, because the film has so many eye-rolling lines that it's almost worth the price of the rental. <br /><br />the acting, if you want to call it that, is so stilted and contrived that it makes ed wood's actors appear life like. "sammy," the lone black character, must be mimi's husband in real life because he appears in her other films, but he has zero acting ability. his lines are priceless due to his absurd delivery, though i suspect the intention was to create a sympathetic character. his old man make up in her other turkey ("pushed to the limit") is no-budget, junior high school quality, with cotton ball eyebrows and white spray painted hair.<br /><br />i cannot fathom anyone actually buying this video, unless people like to throw their own mystery science theater parties and need a copy of something like this on hand. it really is beyond fear-- it's actually beyond funny.alert: this review contains major spoilers. do not read on if you plan to see this film.<br /><br />judging from the amount of votes this got (my vote was the fifth one) very few people know or care who mimi lesseos is. well, back in the late 1980s, professional wrestling was pretty decent. an all-woman's federation called the ladies professional wrestling association opened. it was a great league, and mimi lesseos was one of the names on the roster. i always thought she was one of the best people the lpwa had in terms of ring skill and acting ability. unfortunately, the lpwa closed down in the early 90s, so it only seemed natural for someone with as much talent as mimi to start an acting career, right? but surely there was an alternative to stuff like this? this movie is really bad. as it was going along, i kept comparing it to an underrated movie called `survivor quest,' only this film lacks everything that made `survivor quest' enjoyable.<br /><br />as i started the tape, i went to fast forward through the preview to get to the meat of the tape. at first, i wasn't paying much attention, but then i realized that the preview was for a movie starring mimi lesseos. `oh,' i thought, `here's another movie featuring mimi to look for.' but as the preview dragged on, i became aware that is was a preview forâ?.'beyond fear!' you know you're in trouble when the only preview at the beginning features the movie you are about to watch! the plot of this thing is pretty standard. lesseos plays an ex-kickboxer that is living with the guilt of injuring an opponent/friend, so she focuses herself on her second career which she shares with her friend sammy: being a wilderness guide. on this particular occasion, she gets a troop of three couples. two of the couples are just there to take up space. you think that one couple, a caucasian husband and a korean wife, will be explored, as an issue appears between them halfway through the film, but it is ignored in favor of repeated jokes about bears in the woods, which consistently scares the korean wife. the joke is funny the first time you hear it, but it certainly isn't by the ninth time they do it. the third couple is just painful to watch: it consists of mr. and mrs. page. they trade insults back and forth, and mr. page uses his video camera for the art of voyeurism when he's not busy playing cruel jokes on his portly wifeâ?.just like your typical american couple! before the hike, mr. page is spying on two stupid guys and their prostitute. one of them accidentally kills the prostitute and finds out mr. page taped it. so begins the peril, as the two guys track the group on their trip, and we waitâ?.and waitâ?.and waitâ?.and wait for them to finally do something. when they do, it's a fiasco.<br /><br />you can't blame the cast. they try as hard as they can with the material they have to work with. the main culprit is director robert f. lyons, who needs to go back to playing bit parts and stay out of the director's chair. lyons starts and stops scenes in such a sloppy, sudden matter that you start to think he was suffering from dyspepsia throughout the entire shoot. there's even one incompetent moment when a broad daylight scene with the thugs is slipped between some nighttime scenes. then there is the sound department. the music and background noise completely overpower the dialogue so that you have to move your ear right next to your television's speaker. don't bump your head on the screen! it isn't worth it to hear the poorly written lines. speaking of poor writing, lesseos gets some of the credit there as co-writer. the few interesting developments between characters are often abandoned for shots of the thugs or bad practical jokes. early on, lesseos knocks out a thug with a switchblade knife, so not once do you think they are in any danger from the two stupid thugs. when the crooks finally get their rear ends kicked by lesseos in a well done and long fight, our cast all have a huge laugh together, despite the fact that one of them has been shot and is bleeding everywhere. yes, everyone is happy in the end. everyone except the poor souls witnessing the film, wishing for the good old glory days when mimi performed in the wrestling ring. zantara's score: 4 out of 10this formulaic film (hero's girlfriend marries the villain) just didn't move along fast enough given some of the circumstances of the story. scott seems too old in this one, and too many times his character turns away from decisive action, deflating the scenes. he responds to the deaths of some of his hands weakly; he escapes from knox's gang by hiding in a full rain barrel; his escape to the high country and pursuit by john russell seem superfluous, as does much of the film. the plot could have been tightened. <br /><br />high points of the film: seeing "tennessee" ernie ford without a mustache singing "man in the saddle"; alfonso bedoya's too brief scenes as a cook; the color photography of the high country, and the fight scene there with john russell.by randolph scott standards of the 1950s, this is a disappointing and heavy-handed star western. two or three of the characters could be dispensed with, while two or three other characters could be given more prominence. (the humour needs to be completely rewritten.) de toth handles the action well - as always - but his grasp of the overall narrative is weak.southern cross, written and directed by james becket is a waste of good celluloid and actor's efforts. a formula film is not necessarily bad if it pays off on it's promise, which this film does not. it is a tiresome concoction of movie cliches that can be traced to a thousand different films from the past. it is full of random and empty plot twists that add nothing but aimless action, such as a trip by the protagonists to a ghost town where the villains (unexplainedly) follow them. this was obviously concocted as an excuse for a shoot out and escape scene bordering on the preposterous, with people popping in and out of doorways and running past windows while firing pistols at each other. it makes one believe that somebody told becket there was a ghost town in the chilean foothills and he said, "oh great, lets do a shoot out scene there."<br /><br />don't even waste your rental money on this. it is a bunch of random bits and pieces from a hundred different films thrown together to call an action drama.over the gw is a near failure of a debut feature, and not because it's not without trying...actually, it is. it's a shamble all the more because it's writer/director/technical everyman nick gaglia went through the same rehab cult that he depicts in the film. sometimes a first time filmmaker, full of the vigor that comes with getting a thumbs up or two from fellow film students, goes headlong into style that is way too disjointed, unsure, and dramatically frustrating that the personal side of the story, the extremely personal side, gets smudged in the purpose of telling a good story. gaglia, who was 13 when put into a horrid program that basically tortured and brainwashed their "patients" with crazy group scare tactics, psychological mind-f*** sessions that could go on for days, and attitudes from the rehab leaders that would make most nazis cringe, escaped finally when he was 15. i'm glad he got out, though it might help if he now goes into a real rehab for his film-making skills, if only for a couple of days, to learn things like, say, structure, proper lighting, fluid camera movement, subtlety with actors, and other basics that are perpetually lost here.<br /><br />it's all the more frustrating because gaglia is dealing with a subject that should be shown more to the public (there was recently a newsweek article referring to a similar aa cult-rehab). many times one wonders if certain personal character studies might work better as documentaries as opposed to narrative dramas. this is an ever-nagging sensation throughout over the gw, where it almost feels like gaglia wants to tell the truth but doesn't know how to communicate it properly through his characters. the character that one would think is closest to him, bronx teen tony serra (gallagher), who is taken by his mother to a rehab in new jersey, would be closest to gaglia, is actually much more of a one-dimensional being, where there is very little back-story (we see a brief freak-out, in black and white, in his old home) and little connection to his mother (moriarty), who has more potential that is never tapped aside from a cold stone who passes her kids off to another. but there is a story to go with his two-year crisis, i guess.<br /><br />right off the bat things get rough (a nude cavity search in the first five minutes), and soon it's clear that instead of medical care it's more like a cross between anger management and some bizarre religious sect, where the head doctor hiller (insinnia) is a total over-controlling loon. but soon tony's sister sofia (donohue) gets thrown in to the program, and as opposed to tony's repeated moments of outrage and supposed non-compliance, she goes head-on through the whacked-out three step program and once released becoming a runaway. at times there are bits in this fractured nightmare, where there's one woman, a 22 year old mother who has been in the program a year and a half finds she's become a prisoner not allowed to leave, and when the father of the main siblings comes and pays an enraged visit to hiller when sofia finally returns to them, that do contain some raw power, very brief glimpses of gaglia being able to at least garner some leverage in pure melodrama.<br /><br />but these are moments few and far between. it's not just the unsuccessful characters, who are mostly reduced to stereotypes that veer into being like hysterical d.a.r.e. rip-offs (maybe some of them, like an angry black youth, the passive-aggressive counselors, or even serra's older sister who is ratted out by the siblings as having taken a hit off a joint and almost thrown into the program, would resonate more if there was more time given to develop any of them). it's that gaglia is so unfocused in his multiple roles on his tiny $30,000 budget that not one side of whatever potential talent he has can come through. he over-uses tints, mostly with a shade that looks urine-coated), he jiggles his hand-held dvx camera as if it's supposed to be intense ala city of god, occasionally a character will just shoot into frame randomly, his choices of music are like the worst selections possible from pseudo-indie soft-rockers, and there's even inane fake interview scenes with nicholas serra (inspiration ?) and krakowsky that feel about as false as possible.<br /><br />could gaglia just not get any interviews with the real victims he was with and resort to would-be artistically cathartic plan b? bottom line, no matter how much from-the-heart true life stories may appeal to you, don't bother seeing it in the theater, or even on rental, unless you love a final scene with two kids staring off into the digital-hued hudson river sunset with the final words reading: dedicated to the kids. oy.i found the first bit of stop motion animation intriguing and the mostly live action short with the girl going about in whatever country it was kept my interest, but the other 11 odd shorts really didn't pique my interest or make me think of anything at all. the music and 8mm footage all seemed to be so random that it all just seemed random. i would not recommend this to any one unless you get to see it free.<br /><br />as for the music being so in step that didn't come across either. i rented the dvd because i thought it was all stop motion animation or sma mixed with live action and only the first short was sma, the second had a little stop motion mixed with mostly live action. there was paper cut-out stuff in one, and the rest was outdoor shots from an 8mm camera with the music bed. just didn't have any meaning to it i could see.now i'm a big animation fan -- love svankmeyer and usually am into all applications of stop motion so i had high hopes for this one. then i came on imdb and paused --- i'm always real suspicious of films with a bimodal distribution of votes on imdb. here we've got another --- a bunch of 10s (shill anyone) and then some real low ones. i'm also suspicious of 10s with the word "visionary" in them. <br /><br />sure there are visionaries but this character isn't one of them. despite my misgivings, i saw this film and have to side with the ones. the stop motion animation was okay but the plots were banal and overall it seemed amateurish. treat yourself to the real deal get some svankmeyer and leave this also ran on the shelf.walt was particularly fond of quality. so how come the producers at disney would release such a terribly edited, roughly acted (even for family fare!) mess of a movie? the big green had a good concept. and, since it is disney, you know how the movie is going to turn out obviously. but the big green is horrible. the jokes are lame. and steve guttenburg, still alive, pulls in another terrible performance on his resume.<br /><br />kids with too much time on their hands in small town elma are offered an opportunity by their new teacher to play soccer. the kids don't know a thing though. and, gracious for us, we get to see steve guttenburg try to hit on the teacher from beginning to end.<br /><br />the speed up camera work does not work. the big green is full of speeding the pace of characters to move the movie along. kids are not idiots. they will catch on if you give them enough of a hint without showing all that garbage. guttenburg, for once in his life, should have turned down an offer to join this movie. also the pretty olivia d'abo should have called this one off too. the big green can be known as 'the big bomb.'this movie appears to have made for the sole purpose of annoying me. everything i hate about films is present: fake sentimentality, extreme corniness, bad child actors and more feature abundantly. that's ignoring the fact that it depicts the extreme ignorance of american sports fans, with many of the cast professing that a football is shaped like a lemon. what?! that's a rugby ball. the story follows a group of no hopers that get a new teacher that they like (who, coincidently, teaches the class in a short skirt) and gets them interested in football. naturally, they're all rubbish (don't forget, they're no hopers) except for one kid who has moved from el paso. blah blah, etc etc and the kids still don't become good footballers, but good heart ensues and the no hopers are turned into a bunch of well-rounded kids. hell, even the adults start to come round; drunks are turned into caring parents, illegal immigrants are let off the hook...groan.<br /><br />this movie stars steve guttenberg. now, before you go rushing off down your local video store to grab yourself a copy, hold up a minute. guttenberg is rubbish. no, no; come on let's face it, how did this guy ever get to be in a movie? i have absolutely no idea, and there is nothing in this movie to give me an idea. olivia d'abo stars along side steve and doesn't impress either. she merely seems to be going through the motions and looking nice while doing it. although i have no problems with the latter part; her performance does the movie no credit. the child actors that make up the rest of the cast are just as bad as you would expect from a movie like this. most of them are disgusting and/or annoying and it doesn't make for pleasant viewing at all. there's a goat in the film who plays the mascot and he does a good job; but you wouldn't see a movie for a goat, so don't bother seeing this movie.take a clichã© story and insert steve guttenberg.need i say anymore?this truly is as bad as you would expect. sheriff tom palmer(guttenberg)and anna montgormery attempt to transform a group of useless,inept kids into a winning soccer team.lacking originality and direction from the offset it's quite a struggle to maintain any form of interest in this film. despite my reservations about guttenbergs acting ability i can safely say that the acting of the rival teams coach is actually worse than guttenbergs.previously unimaginable i thought. this type of story of underdogs battling all the way to the top has been done before and better every time than this so called 'film'nothing more than a soccer knock-off of the mighty ducks, this film proved to be annoying in most aspects. this was one of those times where you're parents ask you to take your younger siblings just so they don't have to deal with them for a few hours. to say the least, my younger sisters liked it, but it proved to be too much like the far superior mighty ducks. oh well, at least olivia d'abo was hot and steve guttenberg still had a job at that point in time.this is one of the most unoriginal, cliche-ridden movies i have ever seen. even if you didn't like this film's antecedents, 'the bad news bears' and 'the mighty ducks,' they are bound to have done a better job than this one. from the moment the new teacher greets her class and they tell her, "don't bother with us, we're all losers," you can see everything that's coming twenty miles away for the rest of the film. <br /><br />all the usual suspects are here. besides the spunky teacher, we have a group of what are supposed to be endearingly bratty kids (they're brats, yes, but no so endearing), a slow-witted small town sheriff that they love to torment, an arrogant head coach of the winning rival team, etc., ad nauseum. only olivia d'abo as the new teacher displays any likabilty. i never cared much for steve guttenberg before and his performance as the sheriff doesn't change things. jay o. sanders is a capable actor but his character, the rival coach, leaves him nothing to work with. let's hope that writer/director holly goldberg sloan comes up with something better next time out.how many movies are there going to be in which against all odds, a ragtag team beats the big guys with all the money?!!!!!!!! there's nothing new in "the big green". if anything, you want them to lose. steve guttenberg used to have such a good resume ("the boys from brazil", "police academy", "cocoon"). why, oh why, did he have to do these sorts of movies during the 1990s and beyond?! so, just avoid this movie. there are plenty of good movies out there, so there's no reason to waste your time and money on this junk. obviously, the "green" on their minds was money, because there's no creativity here. at least in recent years, disney has produced some clever movies with pixar.also titled--> the magical castle--> this one is a stretch. why bother? why create another rockbart and then add another story line that has nearly nothing to do with the play nor swan lake. only some girlfriend of rockbart, the stolen book of forbidden arts and the original characters (not voices remain). stripped to to its bares this is a continuation by a thread. next thing you know some bird will have memorized the "forbidden arts" and swan princess 4: the magical bird will be born. thankfully though the chapters are supposedly closed and this will beginning but bad ended trilogy will come to a close.formula movie about the illegitimate son of a rich chilenian who stands to inherit a fortune and gets mixed up in the affairs of bad guys and falls in love with a beautiful female lawyer (vargas). it looks very much like a tv movie, not really exciting. the only reason i bothered to see it was because valentina vargas was in it. no real surprises here, though it is nice to see vargas. great looking chilenian landscapes on display but malcolm mcdowell's part is very small and doesn't add much to the movie. michael ironside plays as usual a bad guy but this is not one of his most memorable parts. the chase scenes are standard fare.i loved the first movie, the second one was okay, disappointed john cleese wasn't jean bob anymore as hes my favorite character. but the third one...what happened to the animation??? it looks low budget like a sat morning cartoon! except for the flashback which was taken from the first movie. they really should have stopped after number 2, this just makes the rest look bad!! derek's voice has changed but its not as recognizable as jean bob..rogers also looks very strange. i also don't understand where rothbart came from. i thought he died! this movie made me want to turn it off, as much as i love the first one, i was very disappointed with this installment. they will never beat the original!:)i had to rent a couple of movies for my little cousin for new year's and she picked out the swan princess: the mystery of the enchanted kingdom and the little mermaid 2 and we just watched both films, while she's sleeping, i figured i could get a couple comments in. :) while this is a very cheesy cartoon, it really wasn't that bad. you have to admit that for children, these plots are new to them and it could be a great introduction of these stories to them.<br /><br />odette finds out that derek has been secretly keeping the magic secrets of rosthoe and she tells derek to destroy them immediately, but him being a guy, typically he does not do so and tells her that no on could achieve the magics without his help. when a witch named zelda gets her hands on them, she finds out that derek tore off the last words of a spell she wants to use to destroy everything, and she kidnaps odette in order to retrieve this information.<br /><br />the swan princess: the mystery of the enchanted kingdom is silly and predictable, but for the kids i would honestly say it's a go. it's so rare we have these clean cut cartoons now a days, so i'm going to cut the film some slack. it was just weird seeing all the voices change all of a sudden, i grew up with the first one, so i guess it was just stuck in my head.<br /><br />4/10i am the sort of person who never, ever watches animated movies, but i make an exception for thumbelina and the swan princess. being absolutely in love with the first installment of the series, i bought this and sat down to watch it with a very biased mind, determined to love it because i'd spent money buying it. i finished the movie, and all i can think is the horror!!! i wanted to like it, i really did. i tried very, very hard to like it. but i couldn't enjoy a second of this grueling film. the songs made me feel like ripping my ears out of my head. the dialogue was so lame i felt myself twitching with frustration and irritation every time someone opened his or her mouth. the villain was laughable and i felt myself wanting derek and odette to die in the end... and i was absolutely in love with them from the first film.<br /><br />i am going to try repress the memory of this movie, because it almost destroyed the first one for me. there is one song in the movie in which there are a series of flashbacks to the first film. the difference in animation between the two is made very obvious, and i began yearning for the first one and wishing i'd never set eyes on the third.<br /><br />do yourself and favor and don't waste your time.i think my summary says it all. this mtv-ish answer to the classic candid camera tv show features a gen x (or is that gen y) type putting in false choppers and wearing various hats and wigs and glasses, and setting people up in fairly outlandish although often not very interesting situations. example: kennedy has a guy invite his parents to his "wedding." kennedy is the bride, done up in a full bridal gown and long wig. the "joke" is that the parents immediately understand their son is marrying a man who claims to no longer have his "bits and pieces." problem is, this schtick goes on way too long, obviously to fill out time. and kennedy is about as funny as a dead cod lying in the sun. candid camera would have run three or four scenarios in the time it took kennedy to get through this one, running around, constantly asking "do i look fat?" i recognize the show was not made for me. it was made for 12-year-old pinheads who think jackass is the height of comedy today. so let them laugh. thank god the show was short-lived.wow, was this version of the racketeer tough to watch! while none of the other reviews have mentioned this, the public domain version i watched was seriously flawed. the sound track was off by about 10 seconds--meaning the dialog and action never came close to matching. so, you'd hear something occur well before you saw it--a very confusing proposition! the worst is where you hear a gun shot and only later doe the guy get hit and slump to his death in a taxi.<br /><br />while this seriously marred the film, it also made concentrating on the dialog easier--and showed the serious shortcomings of it as well. the dialog was simply awful--often delivered with almost no inflection or feeling. as one review said, it was like watching a high school play. part of this is understandable, as sound was a new medium, but this film's dialog was bad even compared to other 1929 films--really bad. and, like many of these early sound films, the film was just too talky--with sappy and overly melodramatic language and just not much action. and you'd think with a title like "the racketeer" that there would be some action!! however, it's really a sappy romance--with very little action.<br /><br />the film finds carol lombard straddled with an alcoholic musician. she herself ends up stealing to try to take care of him--and the crook, robert armstrong, comes to her assistance. when armstrong catches her cheating at cards, he covers for her and then helps the drunk brother to get on his feet--and naturally he falls for her in the process. the problem is that once the drunk sobers up, he, too, wants lombard and she needs to choose between them. wow...a recovering drunk or a mobster...talk about a couple great prospects! overall, it's a bit hard to rate considering the lousy print i saw. however, even if you ignore this, the film has a lot of problems due to its poor use of dialog and excessively talky nature. and...it was sappy too boot.carole lombard stars in this transition period film. this film is a typical example of a very early "talkie" (first practical sound film was "the jazz singer", 1927). overall, the acting in this film tends to be extremely broad and very melodramatic.<br /><br />the viewer may easily note that the actors are still "acting" for a silent film, and this combined with the overly pronounced, overly earnest dialog (it seems most likely a diction-elocution-drama coach was employed extensively to teach the "silent" actors to speak lines), creates some rather comical scenes which were not at all intended to be comical.<br /><br />carole lombard's later great acting ability is all but unrecognizable underneath all the broad gestures, melodrama, and eager earnestness.<br /><br />mainly interesting as an historical curiosity of the period, and for it's completely unintended comedy-camp value.time has not been kind to this film from the transition days of sound from silent. the plot has a gangster falling for a socialite who wants to help the down on his luck violinist she loves. there are of course complications. the problem with the film for me is that it hasn't aged well. performances are all over the place with some emotional scenes seeming so over the top as to be laughable. one late exchange where carol lombard throws someone out of her room had me howling with its sing song delivery. there are other times when the film becomes static, a sign of the limitations of the microphones. its not a bad film, its just that the technical limitations of the film get in the way of real enjoyment. normally i'm forgiving, but this time out i just couldn't go with the flow (then again the copy i saw was absolutely horrible). worth a shot in a forgiving mood (and to be reminded that robert armstrong actually did more than play carl denham in king kong)"the racketeer" stars carol (deprived of the "e" that usually appeared at the end of her first name) lombard as a woman thrown out of society because she left her husband for a concert violinist (roland drew) who has since become a down-and-out alcoholic, and torn between her love for him and the interest of new york crime kingpin robert armstrong (top-billed). it's virtually a compendium of what was wrong with the earliest talkies: stiff direction, immobile cameras, stagy acting and ridiculously slow-paced delivery of lines. at the time the sound crews were telling the directors to have their actors speak every line s-l-o-w-l-y and not to start speaking their own line until after the previous actor had finished theirs. done about five years later, this could have been an interesting movie, but director howard higgin faithfully follows his sound recorder's dictates and systematically undercuts the talents we know lombard and armstrong had from watching their later movies. "the racketeer" was made in 1929, a year that despite the transition problems from silent to sound nonetheless gave us some legitimate masterpieces â? vidor's "hallelujah!," mamoulian's "applause," wyler's "hell's heroes," capra's "ladies of leisure" â? all from directors with strong enough wills to tell the soundboard dictators to get stuffed and let their actors talk and act naturalistically. too bad howard higgin wasn't that strong; as it is, watching a naturally rapid-paced actor like armstrong slog through the part in the ridiculous way he's been told to speak, one can't help but wonder where that 50-foot gorilla is when armstrong needs him.sammi cheng & andy lau are coupled yet again in their 3rd film -- yesterday once more -- directed by hk's actioneer johnnie to...fans of to's action films will be disappointed to find not a single gun was used in the filming...furthermore, fans of cheng & lau's previous films, needing you & love on a diet, will also be disappointed to find that yesterday is no where near as funny or endearing...<br /><br />mr. & mrs. to (lau & cheng) are a divorced couple...both affluent hk citizens...both incredibly mischievous...both just happened to be professional thieves -- 'two birds of the same feather'....a couple years earlier, they divorced over an inability to find middle ground on splitting the loot...now she's remarrying...to the son of a rich heiress -- a total momma's boy (carl ng) through & through...the soon-to-be mother-in-law (jenny woo) is suspicious of mrs. to's past & thinks she's only marrying her son for the family jewels -- the heiress' priceless ruby necklace...<br /><br />the necklace is stolen...is it mrs. to's materialistic eye that gets the best of her?... or is it her ex-husband, mr. to's way of sabotaging the marriage to steal the jewels for himself?...<br /><br />this is not a movie about two pple falling in love or rekindling a love...its about two pple who have always been in love but have somehow been to foolish to realize it...they let pride & greed overwhelm them...<br /><br />overall: yesterday is one part caper/heist film & one part homage to classic hollywood glamour from its golden years -- i.e. cary grant & grace kelly's to catch a thief...johnnie to is riding too heavily on cheng/lau's chemistry from their previous films...hoping cheng/lau's immense popularity & fan base will be enough justification for this third film....i think sammi cheng is one of the most likable/charming entertainers working t'day...& lau is definitely the tom cruise of asian cinema...<br /><br />i really enjoyed their first two films & consider the cheng/lau pairing comparable to those classic hollywood couples of the 40's & 50's...but yesterday falls very short of expectations...terrible writing, ridiculous situations, product placements galore, & all the subplots & supporting characters were unnecessary...come to think of it...this film was unnecessary...unless you just love celebrity watching...i've seen several stage and film adaptations of alice in wonderland and this one has to take the cake as the absolute worst. my family bought the dvd unsuspectingly and couldn't even make it through the first half. i later went back and forced myself to watch the whole thing (it had been a christmas gift to me) and was just appalled.<br /><br />the only redeeming factor (and it's hardly redeeming enough to save the whole show) is mark lin-baker playing the mock turtle with a yiddish accent. it's one of the few moments in the piece that has some real charm and can be taken somewhat seriously. other than that, the songs are half-songs, the melodies are half-melodies and even meryl streep cannot make this direction look good.terrific production and a good comedic performance by george clooney can't save curiously detached, occasionally clumsy quasi-comedy from joel and ethan coen. depression-era road tale hearkens back to yesterday with three escaped chain-gang prisoners seeking a hidden fortune, and inadvertently becoming country music stars in the process! the film meanders along but never builds any momentum. it does get a big boost from clooney's charismatic, gableesque mugging, and also from the art direction and t-bone burnett's lively music. otherwise, the screenplay (by the coens) is seriously lacking in humor and interest, supporting cameos by john goodman and holly hunter fail to add any lift, and the second-half of the movie slides precariously into self-indulgence. ** from ****how can anybody give this anything higher than a '1'?<br /><br />i thought "manos, the hands of fate" would forever be the worst movie ever to impinge itself upon my optic nerve. indeed, i didn't think anything could be worse.<br /><br />i was wrong. "galaxina" is that rare movie where every single element of it is achingly, agonizingly, blindingly bad. how often have you watched a movie and commented, "who the hell lit this thing?" from lighting to soundtrack to effects to script to acting to cinematography to . . . well, everything, this movie is absolutely unendurable. it's so bad, i couldn't even tell for some time if it was the worst comedy or the worst drama i'd ever seen.<br /><br />it's too bad even to be laughable. i'd sooner eat a platefull of broken glass than sit through it again.if ever there was a film that can be considered a missed opportunity then that film is galaxina. what could possibly be wrong in basing a sci-fi film around a sexy statuesque female android? surely such a film could never be a complete waste of time? well, sadly this movie is pretty close to useless. there are a number of faults with this production it has to be said, however, there are two basic problems that entirely destroy the whole enterprise. firstly, this is a comedy with no funny bits at all, or at the very least a film where the potentially amusing aspects are presented in an incredibly unamusing way. secondly, the title character is woefully underused. this may be because dorothy stratten was not really an actress but if so it was a terrible decision as she is still easily the best thing about the film. i don't think she really needed to be a great thespian to pull off the role of a sexy android to be perfectly honest. anyway, what we are left with is a whole lot of mind-numbing comedy relief, which often is made up of hopeless spoof-type gags of the big sci-fi hits of the time such as alien, star wars and 2001. it's badly written and not funny at all, and it doesn't even really have a plot to propel things along. the story basically is about a police space-cruiser that is sent to get a rock. that's it! steven spielberg once said that a high-concept movie was one whose plot line could be described in one sentence. what he didn't define was what you call a movie that can be described in less than a sentence - pointless maybe?<br /><br />this seemed like a sure-fire winner to me but it failed miserably. it seems to have been an attempt to spoof star wars and combine it with adult comedy situations. all it does actually achieve is to leave you cold and a little irritated that it wasn't close to what it should've been. a barbarella for the 80's this ain't.<br /><br />shortly after this film was finished dorothy stratten was murdered in an appallingly violent and horrific way. and for that reason galaxina has derived a considerable amount of it's cult interest. i just think it's a great shame that dorothy didn't have a better film left to immortalise her.the odd thing about galaxina is not that it is supremely bad, although it is. the odd thing is that in spite of being supremely bad, it is not funny. supremely bad movies have their own particular brand of unintended humor--the secret of their success, you might say. but galaxina is quite uniquely different--it is mst3k's worst nightmare, a bad movie in which the intentional *and* the unintentional humor alike fall flat.<br /><br />it is easy enough to figure out why the intentional jokes fail--and the reasons are quite varied. sometimes it's a timing question; sometimes it's a good idea badly worked out (the human restaurant *could* have been hilarious, but it wasn't); sometimes it feels like there was some mixup in the cutting room, with the punchline ending up on the floor; and sometimes the jokes are just bad jokes. bad movies get their laughs from such unintentional snafus. it's harder to figure out why galaxina doesn't get any laughs on that count. something is subtly wrong with the unintentional humor in this movie, just as something is wrong (not at all subtly) with the intentional humor. it is a supremely bad movie whose very badness is not the redeeming quality it usually is. it's absolutely unique in my experience.this is not the worst movie i've ever seen. i did not feel like i wanted to remove my eyeballs forcibly after watching galaxina. it just is not good. the jokes are almost funny, but fall short. all of them. the few gags that come close are beat back down by repeating them over and over. the production values are, well, non-existent. the sound is bad, the lighting is bad, ... it just seems cheaply made; overly so. the dialog ... well, often it is missing - many awkward silences; they are all just standing around, and it seems like someone should be saying something. the film even seems ambivalent about what it wants to be - it is not always clear that it was intended as a comedy - like maybe that developed after shooting started. it feels like someone's film project that they threw together the night before it was due, and if they had put two weeks into it, it could have been good.<br /><br />and i'm easy to please. i thought "mom and dad save the world" was a hoot. i like "pluto nash". "mystery men" is one of my favorite movies. "spaced invaders" is well nigh unto a classic. this turkey just doesn't do it. "space truckers" was more believable.<br /><br />avery schreiber, who can be very funny, tries too hard. his part calls for a straightman, and he plays it leaning toward sitcom. dorothy stratten is ok in her role, but not particularly noteworthy.<br /><br />oh, yeah, the "my watch is always slow." line was funny. i'll give this movie all the kudos it can get, it needs it.<br /><br />the space vehicle models are not bad, but they are few and are not used effectively. the space scenes are vague. no sweeping passes, no close up detailed fly-bys, not even appropriate action scenes when they dock. (the infinity does crash land very oddly at one point.) the flight dynamics are terrible; worse than anything you've seen, they're jerky, not smooth. the initial battle is stilted and static; even though the two ships have just shown that they can maneuver in their jerky fashion, they trade (slow) shots at close range in a manner that is more reminiscent of a 16th century sea battle, except not as exciting.<br /><br />the aliens - imagine if all of star wars was the cantina scene. that many rubber masks could get dull rather rapidly, no? a few are used as sight gags that work ok the first time, but not the fifth.<br /><br />mercifully, if you attempt to watch galaxina, you are likely to fall asleep. (i got busy doing something else and missed the last ten minutes, and did not feel like it was worth replaying it. if that doesn't say "it sucked", i don't know what does.) sadly, there is a lot of potential, and this could easily have been a good movie. it would be easy to remake this and have a decent film.<br /><br />madkaughi'm not a movie snob. i've liked lots of movies that critics hate, and i've hated movies that critics love. however, i have to agree with critics here--"galaxina" is just substandard. clearly intended to be a comedy, it only has a few scattered laughs. "galaxina" has poor photography; it has poor special effects; it has some pretty poor acting; and the production values...well, the sets might as well have been made of cardboard.<br /><br />"galaxina" tells the story of a spaceship whose crew is looking for a magical object called "the blue star". after a long voyage (and some very unconvincing space battles), the crew arrives at its destination, a sort of wild west alien world. there's a painfully unfunny cantina scene (clearly designed to be a spoof of the famous "star wars" scene), a chase involving space bikers, and a final getaway.<br /><br />the cast tries, but can't breathe life into this turkey. stephen macht and avery schreiber have done better work in other movies. james david hinton is pretty good as a member of the spaceship's crew. the late dorothy stratten stars as the robot of title, and while she looks great, her role doesn't give her much of a chance to act.<br /><br />you might catch this film to see dorothy stratten. however, if you're looking for a good movie, you'll probably want to skip this one.i've seen worse films. this is bad but at least doesn't try to be good so it deserves a brief round of applause. it rest firmly in the realms of the low-budget b-movie sci-fi genre.<br /><br />it is a rubbish film but in a nice way and is certainly worth buying if it's in the bargain bin at your local supermarket. awfully charming rather than just plain awful.<br /><br />the highlight for me is when galaxina's lover goes to rescue her. upon turning up she exclaims "bunnyfluff!" which draws sniggers from his co-pilot.<br /><br />sit back, get drunk, enjoy!i have yet to watch starcrash (1979) - that notoriously cheesy italian take on star wars (1977) - but it can't be much worse than this misbegotten piece of junk which, suffice it to say, makes mel brooks' so-so spaceballs (1987) look like a veritable work of art! in fact, the main reason why galaxina is remembered at all nowadays is because of the tragic fate which befell its leading lady - playboy centerfold dorothy stratten who was killed by her insanely jealous estranged husband - before the film had even had its official premiere! <br /><br />although statten (who subsequently had two biopics made about her wherein she was portrayed by jamie lee curtis and mariel hemingway) plays the title role, for the first half of the film she is reduced to being propped up in a chair ostensibly driving a spaceship on a 27-year journey to some planet or other; in fact, galaxina is an all-purpose android who also serves the wacky crew their snacks, gets them all hot under the collar and even goes scouting for the blue star (cue choral music) once they land! having said that, statten certainly looks luminous in her white attire and, even if her role hardly demands much exertion of any acting talent she might possess, it's not exactly demeaning either.<br /><br />still, it's ironic that for a film which bears her name, she is overshadowed by the campy and would-be zany antics of her fellow crew members, especially the annoying captain cornelius butt (which gives you the idea of the level of comedy on display here), a long-eared, wing-sporting colored guy, a pot-smoking, proverb-quoting old chinaman and, best of all (relatively speaking) a foul-mouthed, rock-eating, hairy alien creature they hold prisoner. the villain of the piece is a metal-clad non-entity who does, however, have the best laugh in the film when, upon hearing the choral music following his every mention of the blue star, exclaims, "what is this s**t?" there is little point in listing the sci-fi classics which are mauled by this stinker in its ludicrous attempts at spoofing the genre since they are not only lame but obvious; incredibly enough, a chest-busting but ultimately benign alien is apparently played by diminutive hollywood veteran, angelo rossitto!<br /><br />for what it's worth, then, the scenes shot on the planet they visit (which looks more like a western set than a planetary landscape) have a yellowish, sun-like hue and its inhabitants are 'human gourmets' (delicacies on their menu include skin and tonic, scotsman on the rocks, thigh pies, baked alaskan, etc), not to mention a motorcycle gang who serve their own particular deity (the harley davidson) and when our heroes escape on the back of it, they dare not shoot at them for fear of hitting their "lord". god(awful) indeed...this picture hit the movie screens on june 6th 1980, starring stephen macht as sergeant thor, avery schreiber as captain comelius butt, j.d. hinton as buzz and starring playmate of the year dorothy stratton. the picture starts with the police infinity roaming space looking for i guess criminals. there ship is suddenly attacked by an unknown space ship. enters sergeant thor and his partner buzz as they try to figure out who the unknown ship belongs to. when failing they call on captain comelius who instructs his crew to fight back. enters the gorgeous dorothy stratton, who plays the role of galaxina who is man made robot. an now a few thoughts on this picture. this movie was plan stupid and it's one of the reasons that i don't get into sci-fi. if you're into sci-fi you would have notice that the laser sound effects were borrowed from an early sci-fi movie titled battlestar galactica which aired in theaters in 1978. many of the door sounds that you hear in this movie came from another sci-fi movie that aired back in 1966 titled star trek. now for the reason that i bought this movie, dorothy stratton. she is gorgeous in her one piece suit. i think her talents were wasted in this picture and she should have never been involved in such garbage. connie sellecca was also considered for the role and her talents would have been wasted also. on the picture alone i give this movie 1 weasel star and on dorothy stratton i give her 10 weasel stars even though she didn't deserve to be put into a trash movie like this. if you like pictures like this you can get the dvd version on amazon.comfor connoisseurs of bad movies, galaxina is a true gem. with truly horrid dialog, acting, and directing, it's no choice for people seeking a proper movie. but as one of the most unintentionally hilarious movies of its genre, it's priceless for a good laugh. in particular, the scenes involving the harley davidson-worshiping motorcycle cult are especially good, and many other scenes present an opportunity for a cheap laugh.<br /><br />sadly, the scenes with dorothy stratten really fail to deliver, but since she's playing an android, i suppose one can excuse her for wooden acting.<br /><br />bad movie-lovers, don't pass this one up!... what a porn movie would look like if you took out the sex and just left in the bad dialog, cheap sets and bad acting, you would have galaxina.<br /><br />this film came out when the original star wars proved there was a market for science fiction. this in turn lead to some gems such as alien and a revitalized star trek. unfortunately, it also led to some bad movies, and this was obviously one of them. (i say obviously, because i hadn't even heard of this film until a few days ago.i missed it when it came out in 1980.) <br /><br />here's the underlying problem. dorothy stratton couldn't act, so for most of the movie, they didn't even let her try. i understand her tragic death has given this film an undeserved cult status, but for the life of me i can't understand why.<br /><br />clearly, the movie tried to spoof star wars, star trek and aliens, but they clearly don't understand than when you spoof something, it has to be funny! this movie wasn't, or at least, the comic timing on jokes that could have been funny weren't. science fiction is ripe for parody, as spaceballs and galaxy quest proved. this movie, however, did it poorly.earnest effort which achieves some success to adapt the classic odyssey story to a '30's nostalgia period piece. the adventurers this time are escaped convicts, wandering about the depression afflicted south bungling their way into trouble.<br /><br />the greatest strength of the film is the wonderful music soundtrack, effectively evoking not only the era that this is set in, but the spiritual references that run rampant in the film. besides its value to the tone of the movie, the music is just plain fun to listen to.<br /><br />what cripples the film is that the characters really aren't that likable. in a comedy, you need that element in order to have fun along with them in their misadventures. instead, we have a bunch of selfish, arrogant, soulless, mean spirited nobodies who really have no positive points at all. they're not imposing enough to make you hate them either, so it's hard to relate to them at all. they're offered up as clowns, but like people who put clown makeup on and march in parades, they just aren't funny.<br /><br />like the story that inspired it, the movie takes these guys on an "odyssey," encountering a variety of symbolic (some even mystical) characters. everybody is stamped with offensive stereotypes, the operative word being "stupid." people are mocked right and left, and consequently, no one is left being particularly interesting or appealing. the movie doesn't like its own characters, and it doesn't let you like them, either.<br /><br />riverside baptisms, beautiful sirens, stolen cars, fistfights, radio preachers, people being whipped with sticks; all are thrown at you in disjointed fashion. some evoke a few laughs, others confuse or bore you. i did laugh when a nerdy guy beat the snot out of an especially obnoxious lead character. but there were a lot more pointlessly gratuitous scenes; an example: some '30's dillinger-type guy strafes cows with a tommy-gun. comedy? symbolism? no; just mindless violence, which detracts from the intellectual nature of the original source material this story draws upon.<br /><br />other adaptations of the odyssey are much better. unless you're a george clooney fan, rent something else. but buy the soundtrack cd; the music is great.dorothy stratten is the only reason to watch this unfunny sci-fi spoof, and her appearance is a disappointment. though she has the title role, her screentime is limited, and she only speaks a few lines of dialogue. if you're not a stratten fan, pass this one up.yesterday i watched this tv production, and i was very disappointed.<br /><br />i didn't have big expectations when it was a tv production, but the complete movie was pain with no ending. i felt it lasted for 3 hours, but it was just me who was bored to death. every minute was a long struggle and i really fought hard to stay away from the "turn off"-switch.<br /><br />the movie is about a doctor (dr. verghese) who gets a lot of aids-patients, and most of them die during the movie. it is hard for verghese to live with, so his family gets punished with his frustrations. however this movie has problems showing both sides, it mostly focuses on his conversations with the patients, and sometimes we see flicks from his home, but we don't get much. the difficulties to show more than one part of verghese's life doesn't get any better with the poor acting from naveen andrews, a man i (hopefully) can't see in any good future movies.<br /><br />i believe it got 7,6 because of the subject (taboo?), but i'm sure that there are better movies about this subject on the market. stay away from this movie, it does not deserve more than 3/10.<br /><br />is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this? there's a bunch of apes wandering about, mumbling b******, acting supposedly silly and we are supposed to laugh? there is no plot here to keep you going in the first place. even when the women finally show up, there is no sign of improvement; the most expected things happen and by the time the film is over, you might be far asleep. beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period! i can't believe there's even a sequel to this!<br /><br />1i readily admit that i watch a lot of really bad movies. but there are very few that i can think of that are quite as bad as when women had tails. it's a stinker of epic proportions. what should have been a sexy comedy about a group of cavemen discovering a woman for the first time is instead a dull, lifeless affair without a single laugh to be had. the comedy is extremely weak. i suppose if you think bashing someone in the head is funny, you might find a laugh or two. the guys in this movie make the three stooges look like high art. and there's just not enough of a plot to hold the thing together. it seems to drag on and on and on.<br /><br />well, you may be asking yourself, "if it's as bad as you say, why haven't you rated it lower than a 3/10?" good question! and i've got two answers. first, the movie is not without its curiosity value. i do find a bit of interest in an italian spoof of movies like one million years b.c. with raquel welch. i'll give when women had tails a point for its historic "value". the other two points are for the mere presence of senta berger. i know it's not much of an explanation or reasoning for a rating, but what are you going to do? it's the best i can come up with.way back at the dawn of human civilization cavemen sat around and made lame jokes, hit each other over the heads with what ever they could grab, and women were never seen and apparently at one time had tails. these cavemen lived in a geographically diverse region with a cockatoo, a camel, a monkey - but no women. this film tells of the "hilarious" misadventures of seven(or so) cavemen - having burned their land with the new discovery of fire - moving on by water to a new land where they find this woman with the extra appendage. along the way we get such "great" moments of comedy like a fat cavemen swallowing a frog that keeps croaking in his stomach. a monkey throwing rocks at their heads. a man swallowing a mouse to get the frog in his stomach. the obligatory "gay" caveman. the list could go on and on. this movie is the very definition of cinematic dreck. i was bored from the onset and it only got worse as the cavemen bobbled around hitting each other, making poor jokes such as puns on the word perch, hitting each other, and mauling poor seta berger who looks like she lost a bet to a producer to appear in this nonsense. she is indeed one of two bright spots in this film. she isn't much of an actress so you have to guess why she is an ass-et? the other "bright" spot is the music. as soon as i heard the score, i said to myself that it sounded very familiar. i had never heard the actual score but the music was unmistakably that of ennio morricone. it's a nice score and the best thing in an otherwise crude, boring, lewd, unimaginative, and ridiculous film essentially about a group of moes finding a woman for the first time and, first wanting to eat her like some animal, being taught what she could do. awwwwh! sorry, i'm stifling a yawn as i relive the plot! the end of the film has some 100 or so mostly naked women on screen with all the erotic feel of pulling a scab off your knee. this movie was painful to sit through and offers nothing of any real merit whatsoever. the fact that it spawned a sequel doesn't surprise me as it offers that one thing which will prick viewer interest - tail.i don't really know why so many persons love this movie: maybe it's funny, ok, but it has totally ruined one of the best novels ever written. as the author himself said, this movie has betrayed the book: not only the story is violently cut to about 1/3, but all the symbols, all the complexity, everything is lost in a very 80's-fashioned fantasy/adventure film for kids. today we have effects, directors, a new attention to books: i hope that someone (tim burton, peter jackson, hayao miyazaki...) someday will direct the real neverending story. a great dead writer, a wonderful book and many literature lovers deserve it.i saw this film before two weeks. it's kitsch, boring and totally unintelligible for people, that haven't read the original book. there are many fact mistakes too... actors plays rather poor, you must laugh even in the sad moments. it was a totally waste of time.the girls might be prettier if you're their accompanist or a $#!+-faced onlooker. what i'm sayin' is that it'll take special circumstances for a non-whince reaction to this effort. the delivery of many lines appears to be distractingly unnatural for some actors. lighting seems to be a problem, too, although failing eyesight may have accounted for my frequent squinting. and if you view this film, be open-minded enough to accept elements that no zoo or circus would reject: they are the above and below-ground creatures who feasted on dozens of campers near an empty louisiana mansion. that's the discovery of a trio who is dispatched from their printed media to investigate the deaths. then, two of them disappear, and the survivor is part of another threesome who take up the hunt. eureka! i just realized what one of those aforementioned "special circumstances" would be - unconsciousness.this is probably the worst film i have ever seen; it makes plan 9 from outer space look wonderful. the acting is wooden, the plot silly and the sfx non-existent. the only good thing about it is the fact that it is not a long film. the scenery is sometimes quite pretty, assuming you like trees, if that helps any!i just finished up this unofficial adaptation of h.p. lovecraft's "the lurking fear" that was shot in louisiana. outside of a few changes (names, setting), this follows the short story point by point for the first 70 minutes but then tries to inject its own "twist" ending that you could see coming from a mile away. either way, it is a much better adaptation than full moon's the lurking fear. too bad it is a terrible film. director david mccormick shoots the thing with all the flair of an industrial short. i swear i counted maybe two camera movements. the creature design is cheap (we're talking store bought masks here) but shot in a dark manner (intentional or not) where they are somewhat creepy. the most impressive thing in the picture is the abandoned mansion but mccormick fails to exploit that as well. file this one under good adaptation, poor execution.although not a big coen brothers fan, i am an admirer of their dark humor films like 'fargo' and 'miller's crossing.' i have been much less impressed by their other comic mode, goofy-camp (or is that camp goofy?) unfortunately, 'o brother, where art thou?' falls into the latter category and isn't even as good as 'the big lebowski' or 'the hudsucker proxy.'<br /><br />'o brother' is basically an episodic series of in-jokes without much point, and not all that much humor or cleverness either. as most reviewers have noted, the film's plot is very loosely â? and, as far as i could tell, quite arbitrarily â? based on the odyssey. its main character, ulysses everett mcgill (george clooney), is an 'adventurer' like his homeric namesake and has as his 'real' goal the return home to prevent the marriage of his wife penny to a suitor. of course, we don't discover that this is what the clooney/ulysses character really wants until long after we've stopped caring. and what does homer have to do with "cool hand luke" chain gangs, ku klux klan meetings a la "indiana jones" cult gatherings, a disbarred lawyer's vocabulary, a talent for blue-grass country music singing, an association with baby face nelson, a clark gable lookalike hairdo, and other random and sundry character traits and encounters? i leave that for others to discern.<br /><br />the allusion to preston sturges' 'sullivan's travels' in 'o brother's' title is equally pointless. yes, viewers familiar with the sturges minor screwball comedy classic might find it mildly rewarding to recognize the title of the socially conscious depression movie sullivan abandons hollywood and comedy hoping to make. and they might even be mildly amused by a couple of shot/scene riffs (e.g. hopping freight cars, and the chain gang shuffle into view a movie). but so what? the coen brothers don't seem to have anything to add to the art-for-art's-sake versus moral high seriousness critical debate about the function of art. they obviously fall into the former school, but that doesn't seem to motivate the reference in the slightest. is it an homage? if so, why make it? i like post-modern pop culture reference and textual play as much as the next person, but it's a lot nicer when it amounts to something at least tonally, if not thematically, consistent â? and not just an arbitrary concoction.<br /><br />this screenplay is simply a silly mess. the only consistent, and consistently pleasing, element is the folk/country music soundtrack. it doesn't have much to do with homer or preston sturges, but, considering the rest of the film, that's probably a good thing. on the other hand, i'd recommend using the price of admission on the soundtrack cd.before i really slag this film off, i just want to say i absolutely loved it. <br /><br />firstly, how many times in the film did the characters use the phrase "you're right."? i'm sure i was counting in the hundreds before i gave up and started watching the film again.<br /><br />secondly, what the hell is with those blue monkey things? ok, so the dansen family led very private lives and had one brown eye one blue eye, but since when does that transform people into subterranean carnivorous blue zombie-creatures?<br /><br />and finally, 'old faithful here will protect me' hahaha :)everything about this movie was bad, the acting was bad and the plot was bad. and were is all the blood and gore that was in "demons" which is a good movie and it was not scary at all. my brother said that this movie was bad but i had to give it a chance since the first movie was very good. when the movie was over i understand why my brother thought this movie was bad. the only plus in this movie was the music by "the smiths" and "the cult", but this is a movie and the music soundtrack is not the most important thing. and i saw that it has been released four sequels after this film, i haven't seen none of them but can they be as awful as this one, i have no plans to see them but maybe i will see them some time.saw this last night and being a fan of the first demons, i had hoped that the sequel would have the same fun, spooky spirit of it's predecessor. this is unfortunately not the case. the set-up is similar as the first, in which a horde of flesh-eating demons burst forth into reality by being released from a horror movie being played... (the first had been a movie theater, this one takes place in an apartment building and on tv.) once the demons are released, madness and mass carnage ensues. that's pretty much it as far as plot development goes. it worked nicely in the first part because of the ghoulish make-up fx, fast pace and unpredictability. the sequel, however, doesn't cut it. the first problem seems to be that there are way too many characters who we don't really care about one way or another. if they were annoying or idiots, then there would at least be some kind of gratification when they are inevitably butchered/demonized/eaten alive...but these people are just kind of there waiting to be slaughtered. plus, the fact that most of the characters are in different parts of the apartment building (and out of it), they are constantly cutting back and forth between them, which kept pulling me out of the story. there are some amusing bits, courtesy of the splatter fx and campiness. such as a constant flow of dripping blood eating through one floor's construction after another as if it were alien acid... the first demon possession of a crabby birthday girl leads to the destruction of her entire party, and a creepy demon child clawing his way into the room of a tenant who is pregnant with child. however, that sequence parlays into a ridiculous-looking rubber demon baby puppet thing that bursts from the chest of the human child that constantly flies across the room at its intended victim. i got a couple of chuckles out of that scene, but i don't think that was bava's intention. the scene probably would've worked better if they just kept the child demon around to attack the woman, but hey... other little things like the over-zealous acting of most of the characters and the bad dubbing don't help matters. in summation, i managed to see the unrated version on dvd, and can't imagine having to sit all the way through the previously only available r rated version, because the make-up fx and gore were the only thing i got out of it. also notable is an early role of producer argento's future hottie daughter, asia. in fact, she probably gives the best performance of the whole cast and she's barely on screen. argento/bava fan's might want to check it out just to see it, but will probably find themselves looking at their watch, like i did. gore fans might get a kick out of some of the fx, but will be laughing themselves out of their chairs at the most goofy-looking evil baby puppet since little selwyn from dead/alive. you could do worse, but it certainly doesn't live up to the original.the films use of blue-black and vibrant skin tones to create a noir-ish feel to this movie unfortunately do not work. in fact its quite irritating as it obscures the demon characters and reduces them to one dimensional beings.<br /><br />at least the original had an hysterical energy and the gore set-pieces were quite stunning. black gore is hardly frightening, nor is the main female demon at all frightening in her attempts to snarl and growl at the screen in her best camp lugosi style.<br /><br />the narrative is grossly disjointed and if you could imagine 'naked lunch' directed by russ meyer you may appreciate the attempt to be william burroughs-esque. otherwise give this film a wide girth. bava and argento fans - once again - are bitterly disappointed.this film sucks!! it looks like they just chose to place scenes together at random. good gore, but little plot. sally whines and complains about everything till she becomes a demon. i figured that she had pms. it sure seemed that way. the dubbing in this film is horrible. one scene the woman was talking and a few seconds before we hear any audio. i knew at that moment my suspicions were correct that it was not from the us. i tried to follow along but got lost about half way through it and found it very hard to believe, even for a horror film. some good characters, but not many. not worth wasting one's time.(spoilers more than likely... nothing really important you couldn't have figured out yourselves) yeah, it's really weird. i rented it at a blockbuster for the reason it had absolutely no description of the movie on the back of the box, only a list of the bands that had songs in it. but after that, i had a dikens of a time finding it, even here on imdb. i kept confusing it with "night of the demons," but, you know, they're basically the same thing. <br /><br />the parts i loved most about this movie was the whole thing in the garage. that black gym guy was hilarious the way he screamed all the time. even when screaming wasn't really necessary, he'd let out a "listen up now!! block the door with cars!!!!" and so, they'd run cars head on into other cars. but, then he got balls and shafted by a zombie with a broom stick i believe it was. the other part that kinda caught my attention was the part with the crash outside the building with the guys that they girl didn't want to come over... to what significant aspect of the movie did that give us? what was it? why was it there? why did the movie end with a guy breaking the tv's in a studio? i saw that there was a zombie running towards the screen, but he was kinda far away. i mean, he could have just turned the tv off. yes, this movie was shot on a whim and yes, i hated it. good day...please, why on earth did bava had to add insult to injury making this pathetic piece of follow up crap?<br /><br />to begin with we, "the viewers" at home are treated to a narration from some unknown ding-bat informing us of the aftermath events of the previous episode indicating mankind's triumph over the demons, (yeah right).<br /><br />i can tell you "right now" that this doesn't in anyway what-so-ever have anything to do with demons as this is a completely new story with a different backdrop altogether. bava as usual, makes a casual appearance that doesn't even seem to fit into the main context of the story at all. acting in this one beyond appalling and the whole concept about the demons appearing through a tv set, oh god i'm not going to go on. go see for yourself.<br /><br />as usual you'll be treated to laughable dubbing, crap scenarios that don't make any sense and above all un-answered questions. how typical of a sequel that dished out the first batch of crap.<br /><br />overall if you're one of those dvd argentophile collector's, then maybe you'll wanna give this a go otherwise avoid like the plague, it's no way near the first, so you may wanna avoid like the plague.when the word "presents" finds its way into a title, preceded by a famous name, the work is usually immediately dismissible. for some reason, people who are capable of creating good art don't seem to be able to see it in others. however, i've always been willing to give the second installment of the demons trilogy a try. for one thing, the soundtracks are absolutely to die for. most american directors would have sacrificed small animals to line up the kind of talent on the soundtrack of demons 2. for another, well, two words: asia argento. (of course, she was eleven when this film was made, and a number of years away from her seeming decision that she would style her acting after early helen mirren: steamy looks and little clothing.) as well, lamberto bava comes from one of italy's finest dynasties in that odd horror sub genre known as giallo (he's the son of mario bava, who may well have invented the genre in the sixties). and the original demons is an absolute must-see for fans of eighties b-horror films. so how bad can this be, right? well, bad. the demons continue their assault on italian media, as the movie opens in a modern italian high-rise where many people going about their lives have their televisions on in the background. they're all watching a kind of combination news report/mater video of some investigative reporter types trying to get proof of the events of the first film (which would seem to put the time frame of this one no more than a few days after the first film). through the usual horror-film extra inability to concentrate, the reporters manage to bring a demon back to life, and he comes through the tv screen to start the plague anew.<br /><br />yeah. it's that bad. about the only thing good one can say about the film is that the soundtrack (when you're not being buffeted about by the likes of the smiths, the cult, gene loves jezebel, etc.) is stunning. it comes from the keyboard of simon boswell, who got his start as a part of the argento dynasty and has since gone on to score such films as lord of illusions and hackers.<br /><br />makes a half-decent free rental if you're planning on drinking heavily, but it's certainly nowhere near the fun the original was. cronenberg's wonderfully funny high-rise-nasty-creature romp, shivers (aka they came from within), is a whole lot better.everything that made the original so much fun seems to absent here. this is simply a "run of the mill demons on the loose wrecking havoc" slasher, but without the passion that graced the original.<br /><br />there's nothing new in the story, in fact it seems like they ignore the first one altogether. here, the demons run loose in a high security apartment building and, naturally, kill most of the residents in grisly fashion. the makeup effects actually seem less convincing here than the first time around. although the actors weren't exactly brilliant in demons, in demons 2 they're actually a lot worse. you don't care about these characters, at all. the plot is nonexistent, the music poor (apart from one simon boswell song), it's not scary in the least; it's just not that good.<br /><br />easily the worst film dario argento has been involved with and lamberto bava's also (bava has a cameo in this film, not a very funny one).<br /><br />maybe 3 is too high a rating, but at least i could watch it all and didn't think of stopping midway. my advice; stick to the original.typically elaborately crafted hbo production with a first-rate cast, a rich small-town atmosphere and some nice narrative vignettes, graced by above average production values.<br /><br />but, and that's a huge 'but', the various subplots, peopled with some likable, mostly annoying caricatures, are paper-thin and go and and on in dull stretches for over three long hours.<br /><br />the often silly story veers uneasily between melodrama, without being entertaining enough, and personal drama, without being profound at all.<br /><br />a shame, because some scenes really shine. two or three, that is.<br /><br />4 out of 10 grubby paul newmansalthough there is very little plot and whatever exists is just all improvisational, still it was a good start from a new director with no previous financial back up and also a smart move from andy warhol to make his cimematic productions more marketable and viewer-friendly. in any case this story of a street hustler relies too much on showing joe buck naked (almost all the time!). and the creative use of a flashy editing really wears off after the hundredth time and the cutting off the dialog thing gets really annoying half-way. this would have been a much more entertaining or even dramatic if they made a documentary of the daily of an actual male prostitute or hustler, instead of letting the actors make up some nonesensical plot and dialog of their own.despite the all-star cast, this attempt at epic fails. it comes across as a set of flat cartoon stereotypes strung together by an all too, too clever social commentary. <br /><br />it's as if with every bit of dialogue and introduction to a new character the writer peeks out and says "isn't that clever? am i not smart? isn't that biting social commentary?" and,sadly, the answer is always "ummmm...no." wearying self-absorbing stuff that is more like soap opera (in the worst sense of the term) than a movie...and an obvious attempt at television immortality. thankfully, it died young. empire falls falls flat.wow. what can i say? i was born in 1960. i love bad tv movies. love them. i get involved. the works. i want to get involved. i'm spending time watching the thing. i watched the emmys last night on tv. how in the infinite world was the empire falls (excellent name)tv movie up for any awards? it truly had wonderful talent. of course. and they tried admirably. but how can anyone pretend that was an ok (tv for goodness sakes) screenplay? ok direction? you know, i wish everyone the best. really. but i thought it was totally mind-bending that hollywood was placing this very very bad film up for so many honors. awards? for me it was sort of a wake-up call that hollywood is such a small insular community. being cynical is not really my thing. but wow. --xptyngiput simply, this mini-series was terrible. let me count the ways. 1. absurd plotting. 2. over-acting. 3. scattershot approach to characters. 4. annoying narration. 5. inability to create viewer interest.<br /><br />this film can't even pass the "soap opera for dummies" test. i'm sorry i have not read this award-winning novel, so i am judging it only as a film, but it really stinks. imagine going to a party where they show you dozens of appetizers. you look at the wide variety and want to taste them, but suddenly they are withdrawn, and you wonder where they went. that's like this film, with way too many characters introduced and never drawn out. there are enough stories and characters in this film to create a 20 episode series, yet we are given less than four hours to digest it all.<br /><br />there are more facial expressions and reaction shots of ed harris than you'll find on 10,000 monkeys. the pace is extraordinarily slow. <br /><br />dennis farina and helen hunt are so far over-the-top that their characters are not believable. joanne woodward's character is one-dimensional. <br /><br />the persistent river metaphor becomes trite.<br /><br />and, probably the most absurd part of the film--the cat. this evil and vengeful cat who follows the hero around to scratch him and his seat covers--well, come on now---it's not even good stephen king!<br /><br />probably the most interesting character in the film, and one who is not drawn well, is john voss, the disturbed boy whose final act of desperation accounts for the only plot device that works in this film.<br /><br />just about everyone in this film is unbelievable.<br /><br />to sum up, there's little here to inspire. the drama is poor melodrama. it's just a terrible effort.i'm relieved the later reviews have turned sour - reading all the positive feedback, i was starting to worry that my understanding of movies (and life) was completely different than everyone else's in the world. everything in this movie rang false to me...the characters, the dialogue, the manipulative soundtrack, the corny narration, all of it. as each scene unfolded i kept thinking, "people don't act like this." it's relentlessly heavy-handed and maudlin. in a way i think the movie bullies you into liking it, or pretending to like it, because it's serious and about real people and confronts issues. but man, it really did not work for me.we found this movie nearly impossible to watch. with such a super cast, it's a shame that the writing and direction were so awful. the excruciating pace at which the story was told was maddening. the flash-backs were clumsy. the characters were one-dimensional. the heavy-handed metaphors -- the river, the cat -- were repeated way too often. <br /><br />the movie nobody's fool, based on another novel by russo, was infinitely better, probably because it was more tightly written and directed. <br /><br />the photography in empire falls was lovely. too bad it wasn't a travelogue.<br /><br />i read the novel and enjoyed the writing style but had some quibbles with the novel itself. i would give the novel 4 out of 5 stars. perhaps the screenwriters and director were so awed by the novel's reputation they felt they had to include every darn thing in their movie. this was supposed to be a television movie, guys, not books on tape.i know my summary sounds very harsh, but this film has very limited appeal. the average joe out there would have a hard time sticking with this film. the entire film consists of animated loggers doing their jobs and dancing on floating logs. this is all done with very splashy and artsy colors and the film might be great to show to patrons in an art museum. however, unless you really love this sort of art or are a canadian who loves films about your native land, then this is probably going to be next to impossible to finish. i have a rather high tolerance for this sort of thing and even i had to force myself to watch after a couple minutes. i can respect the work that went into it, but it's just not compelling.not even emeril lagasse cooking can save this disjointed, overheaded idiotic nonsense, starring emeril lagasse as a tv chef from the food channel,who with help of the crew to try to make the show better, poor plot and stupid script throw this show down the drain, robert urich wasted in the poorly supporting role and sadly this was his last one ever(r.i.p.), <br /><br />this is the worst show of 2001 and it will be on the list of the worst shows of this decade.<br /><br />i feel very sorry for emeril lagasse for making this sitcom, he even said himself it stunk.<br /><br />it's hard to believe that they are the same producers of designing women that did this mess.<br /><br />tv review: 1 starit's hard to make a negative statement here after all this raving about how great deed poll is, how wonderful the actors did and so on and so on. i did not like the film. it's crappy!<br /><br />there are orgies, they have taboo sex (gay sex, bi sex, oral sex, rape, anal sex, masturbation, brother-sister-sex, brother-brother-sex, sex on drugs, sex without drugs, sex, sex, sex seems to rule their world. i guess the director is desperately in need of a getting laid.) the story is just dirty and shameful. i wonder what made those people get up with this story. and above all: who cares?<br /><br />the technical stuff didn't satisfy me as well. the sound is poor, so is the editing and the "direction" is absent. the actors are admittedly fine, but guess what! it's their job! their job is to act! no need to jump off your seats if an actor did a decent job. do you applause when a bus driver brings you home safely? see?<br /><br />i gave it 2/10 because after all this thing had something that i can't put in words. b movie charm? camp fun? nudity? i don't know.i watched this movie a couple of weeks ago and must say: i was not impressed, not at all. i do side with the other posters when it comes to the fine performances, but some good performances do not make a good movie.<br /><br />on the discussion board, i found a review by an anonymous poster that captured some of the main points. it says: "'deed poll' is a movie that raises many questions but hardly answers even a few; a movie that is disturbing and above every attempt at categorizing; an experiment and a very conventional sexual drama despite some shocking scenes. the brilliant acting of barbara kowa and andrã© schneider, the partly very impressive editing and the good camera work (steffen ritter) make up for gross plot holes and some technical slips (especially in sound). however, the boredom the audiences have to deal with for 40 minutes remains." unfortunately, this is true. i wasn't intrigued by the story at all. the protagonists are cold, ambition-less people. they do a lot of drugs and have a lot of (incestuous) sex. so what? for many times, the direction seemed to be virtually non-existent, not to mention the technical aspect: the poor sound quality was enormously disturbing.<br /><br />what's the point of the movie? what's the message behind it all? the anonymous reviewer said: "somehow biermann failed to make a clear point and so the movie remains hanging in mid-air without a message. thus the boredom i blame on the movie. the movie is reserved and emotionless, cold, almost neutral and it doesn't take long to see the flaws: for long stretches the characters of sean and ivy are not credible (they clearly have difficulties with the english pronunciation), the character of the mute brother is not developed very well. some moments are very promising though - in the scene where the call boy is skinned (the one and only true love scene) an intensity is reached that one would love to see the whole movie long. as a spectator one has to regret the chances given away." again, i must agree. i did like the final scene, especially because of the beautifully captured faces of gianni meurer and andrã© schneider, but it was nothing compared to the boredom i had to suffer for the first thirty minutes. (the sex scenes, though, were aesthetically staged and perfectly edited.)<br /><br />all in all, "deed poll" was not my cup of tea - a good, controversial idea wasted -, but it was a interesting to see how a movie can be made with practically no money. maybe if they had a bigger budget and a more experienced director, this would have become a better movie."electra glide in blue" is a slow moving b-flick in which blake plays a desert motorcycle cop who wants to be a homicide detective and becomes embroiled in a murder investigation. a mediocre film at best, "eg in b" features some members of the band chicago, a whiff of action, some philosophizing, and lots and lots of boring dramatic filler. not worth the time.technically abominable (with audible "pops" between scenes)and awesomely amateurish, "flesh" requires a lot of patience to sit through and will probably turn off most viewers; but the dialogue rings amazingly true and joe dallesandro, who exposes his body in almost every scene, also gives an utterly convincing performance. a curio, to be sure, but the more polished "trash", made two years later, is a definite step forward. i suggest you watch that instead. (*1/2)i always wanted to see electra glide in blue for a very long time. i've always been intrigued by the title, the star and the desert but for some (now pretty clear) reason, this film is never shown on tv or i've happen to miss it if it's ever shown. well, after watching the dvd, i now know why the movie is rarely shown: it's because it's not that good. in fact, i'd say it's pretty much of a mess.<br /><br />electra glide in blue was made by a first time director and it shows. the film is mainly a series of vignettes with absolutely nothing holding it together. more like a collection of short movies haphazardly strung together. the movie can be boiled down to this: intro (murder); cop and girlfriend together; intro credits; cops going to work; crazy guy tells story; cop finds dead body; cop and chief and girlfriend at bar; chase scene; etc. the scenes just don't flow together. they're very distinctively independent from each other and because of this the characterization is weak, borderline amateurish. the scene at the bar with the girlfriend, the scene at the farm with the hippies, the scene with big john and the chief yelling at each other were cringe worthy. i almost stopped the film during those (awful) moments.<br /><br />the film-maker's lack of experience is in evidence throughout the film. the style, like the 1970s, is all over the map. the intro credit scene makes the movie look like a commercial for law enforcement. then it tries to be a buddy film (big john and zipper) then a murder mystery; then a melodramatic love story; etc. a film doesn't have to have one particular style in order to be successful but i'm afraid the style in electra glide in blue was confused. you can clearly see that the director had no idea what he was doing or where he was going with it.<br /><br />the film is not a complete disaster. while the content of electra glide in blue is almost amateurish, the look of it is extremely (and deceptively) professional. the cinematography is stunning. every frame is worthy of an exhibition at an art gallery. or, because the first (and last) time director was involved in the music business, worthy of an album cover. the beautiful look of the film gives more credence to the finish product than it really deserves. and thanks to robert blake's acting (of a really badly written character), the film maintains a certain level of realism, even though nothing else makes much sense. what's remarkable about the look and composition of the film is that it's been copied and duplicated a million times over. the intro credits reminded me of something like top gun, which was made 13 years later. scenes of johnny dressing up, with his clothes on the bed, reminded me of american gigolo. strangely enough, electra glide in blue has a very contemporary feel to it, due to the stunning visuals, even if the story and the philosophy behind it are hopelessly outdated.<br /><br />so, electra glide in blue is, on one hand, a remarkably underrated and overlooked film because it obviously influenced a lot of future filmmakers out there when it comes to the look and composition. very few films can claim to have achieved this and legendary cinematographer conrad hall should take full credit. but, on the other hand, egib is also deservedly forgotten because the poor characters, confusing story, and muddled direction, none of which are worth of remembering.first off, i am a huge fan of robert blake, always have been.<br /><br />this movie came on movieplex last night 10/13, and the title interested me & of course the star. but after watching it i was left more confused than i was before it started.... there are some good scenes, and i thought they would lead somewhere, but they didn't, it turned out to be an "anti-cop" "anti-buddy" "anti-hippie", pretty much "anti-everything movie", with an extremely confusing plot that also went nowhere.<br /><br />robert blake is great as the lead, well as great as someone could be with this bad movie, i am still a huge fan of mr. blake and love his acting even in crap like this...but this drug induced 70's tripe, well... better stay away from this one...and, that ending, what a pisser.the show is at least partially faked (so is not reality, just pretending to be reality), which makes me believe at least anyone without face blurred out is a fake episode.<br /><br />proof in the episode where he pretends to be stabbed there is already camera crew on the boat, before he gets there, can been seen as his boat approaches.<br /><br />the actors playing "ambulance officers" didn't remove his shirt or expose the wound in anyway so they work on it, which would never happen in reality.<br /><br />they also parked the ambulance in the car park and did not drive up to the emergency entrance (which does not make any sense, unless its fake and they would not be allowed to go there)i think cheaters needs to be off the air and end the reality show once and for all i don't care what anyone says you can attack me or agree with me but its times like this that the show is just spewing out propaganda and the host of cheaters joey greco is a little bastard who wants to think that showing people on camera is effective and unawares no it just will show disgusting he is also the wiretapping and following of people by "cheaters spy's" is illegal and a federal offense we are living in a police state like the soviet union and nazi germany rolled into one i am happy that there is poor reviews on this trash this needs to end soon or we are going to lose our liberties as a nation no wonder our country is going to hell its because of this and other filth shows i liked the older shows better from the 1950s-1980s i hope you all agree with me on that thank you infowarriori'm not bothered by the sleazy hosts, nor am i bothered by the cynical, self-righteous stance the makers of this crap take.<br /><br />what i am bothered about is that the vast majority of the episodes are fake. i wouldn't even be surprised if all of the episodes were staged. hence this isn't a reality show but something far worse even than oprah: garbage television with zero comma zero appeal. like daily tv soap opera but with more action and fighting and less plot.<br /><br />the premise would have turned out great - if only it had been executed without cheating the viewer. if only this idea were free of all the legal complications/trappings that would most certainly ensue due to what would happen with real people, and what is eventually aired. hence the only way to create this """reality show""" was to get some rather desperate actors and make them improvise (and what pitiful and unconvincing improvisation it is most of the time!). shouldn't this be obvious to anyone who finished grade school? most reviews i read here don't even mention that any of this is fake, let alone that all of it might be. wishful thinking or just boundless naivety? <br /><br />the actors hired in this pathetic show are the kind of bottom-of-the-barrel unemployed actors who are miserably waiting on tables, waiting eagerly for a call from a talk show (or this crap), which is when they finally get a chance to make several hundred bucks. i even recognized one actress (in the role of "cheater") that i saw years earlier in "the jerry springer show". and i only saw 6-7 episodes of "cheaters". how many more of these loser actors are there that appeared in springer and "cheaters" that i don't even know about?<br /><br />however, to compare "cheaters" with springer isn't fair to the latter. the springer show is not all fake; a bulk of the episodes are unstaged - hence often highly entertaining. there is no value to be found in "cheaters", unless you're a struggling actor and want to get tips on how not to act in front of the camera.<br /><br />the producers use various (very cheap, transparent) tricks to create the illusion of realness, to give their footage that elusive documentary feel. but it's all in vein. in the end, the more intelligent train-wreck-seeking viewer is left with absolutely squat. "professional wrestling" has more credibility than this.there is a growing trend in the media to vilify and ridicule men. one sees it in television adverts and program plots. cheaters is a prime example, they could find plenty of female cheaters yet the vast majority shown are men, why? the prime threat to any government's power resides in the male population, they're less likely to abide by authority and are more of a physical combat threat. a way to reduce the threat is to emasculate men in society via the media. other examples of psychological propaganda are crime dramas full of self righteous cops including big-jawed aggressive women accusing everyone they question trampling their rights and making those men feel like scum. in australia many top male sports stars have been arrested recently for dubious assaults and drinking charges, another example of the government controlling the male populous by arresting their heroes and asserting dominance. cheaters, aside from the political machinations is an invasion of privacy and a violation of rights, furthermore most of these women assault the men! if it were round the other way the men would be in jail!! if it were an honest show they would be finding women cheaters, because they don't normally get caught due to the fact that their male lovers are quite happy to get in no strings attached and get out without rocking the boat. men's mistresses want the men to themselves and want to own and control the men and thus get the men caught anyway.if you find the depiction of violent murders and wanton police brutality expressed in a plot less film with glacial pacing entertaining, then you're bound to enjoy surveillance. this film was garbage for both the mind and spirit. the notion that this is a "thriller" is comical; that would imply some kind of tension and twists. you kept waiting for the story to actually finish "starting". it never rises above a glorification of weak-minded violent criminals and individuals from all walks of life. picture all of the violence of "no country for old men" without any kind of chase or sympathetic characters. thrill-killers run amok. the acting is good, mostly, but the script is a pile. don't bother, and tell your friends to don't bother.this p.of s. was highly recommended to me by two friends that have great<br /><br />(similar to mine) taste in films and have seen more than anyone i know.<br /><br />i have no idea what they saw in this movie. sadistic,cruel and repulsive is fine in an entertaining movie,but this is a windbag effort trying to pass itself off as highbrow lowbrow movie making.or is it lowbrow highbrow?<br /><br />the ancient generation gap clichã© "no redeeming social value" comes to mind. bill pullman is trying,maybe a little to hard,and except for the kid the rest of the acting seems self-conscious and kinda lame.<br /><br />save yourself from this and watch a double feature of "in cold blood" and "the hitcher".<br /><br />as somebody said, this would never have been made if jennifer lynch was not the overrated david lynch's daughter.after a very scary, crude opening which gives you that creepy "chainsaw massacre"-feeling, everything falls apart.<br /><br />spoiler alert: as soon as the two fbi-officers start jabbing, you know they are the real killers. anyone who have seen enough of these "fooled-ya"-movies can figure this out.<br /><br />this movie is mader with one thing in mind: to depict brutal murders. why, then, is not the little girl tortured and murdered as well? will this be next for us movie-goers? the torture and abuse of children? whats wrong with you people? lynch is truly has a disgusting, ugly mind.this is a snuff movie. i'm shocked it is even considered to be in the imdb library. and, bill, julia, and all other "professional" actors involved should be ashamed to be part of this sick flick. i thought i was going to view a somewhat classic horror film with a creative end that writers like to invent....that usually make no sense when writing a horror film, but as a viewer, we try to rationalize and understand. this ending was not creative. it was sick and has all the earmarks of a snuff movie. i am shocked it was edited to this ending, and more shocked that it will be out for distribution by the end of june 2009. it should not be shown in a theater. it is harmful to innocent minds on many levels....watch the movie, the ending, and you will understand this statement. plus, included in the plot is a sweet little girl "not yet 9" her character says. she is not in the snuff ending, but she is an integral part of the movie. why do directors feel they need to shock with a sick flick in order to get recognition? the director is in the wrong line of work if she thinks this is an art film.i guess only a selected number of audience members really had any interest in watching how a male hustler in new york operates but i'd be willing to bet that even these brave souls were turned off by the irritating patchwork technique and deliberately muffled sound recording on display here; the fact that these inherent 'defects' were a direct result of the film's low-budget/underground/experimental nature is, i'd say, beside the point. anyway, for those so inclined, the film features extensive male nudity and joe dallesandro, understandably, became an underground â? and gay â? icon! <br /><br />the episodic structure showing the day-to-day routine of the hustler protagonist offers a couple of mildly interesting scenes: his meeting with (and eventually posing for) an eccentric elderly artist; the one where dallesandro expresses his views on his unusual line of work and delineates his particular modus operandi to a couple of prospective 'colleagues' including perhaps the unlikeliest of hustlers â? a bespectacled nerd! perhaps mercifully, the film ran for only 89 minutes against the imdb's claim that its complete length is 105 (but the latter could well be a mistake)! <br /><br />i had watched a few other of warhol's 'movies' and this one is decidedly not as satisfying as the most tolerable example i've run into yet, bad (1977), and only slightly better than the likes of my hustler (1965) which were mostly a strain to sit through. the fact that this was only the first part of a trilogy did not augur well but, as the saying goes, you gotta to do what you gotta do and the other two 'chapters' had to follow in quick succession... <br /><br />despite my generally negative reaction to it, flesh is nevertheless still valuable as a 1960s time capsule and as a prototype of the underground scene of that era, both cinematically and in real life. for the record, an image of dallesandro from this film adorns the sleeve of the smiths' self-titled 1984 debut album and transsexual candy darling (who appears here rather unremarkably) was immortalized in "candy says", the opening track of the velvet underground's eponymous 1969 album. although the latter band is my all-time favorite, and one of the reasons for this is that, through their sheerly unique and ground-breaking music, they described a lifestyle so utterly different from my own, this is truly a case where i'd much rather experience something aurally instead of visually!i am not sure who recommended surveillance to me, but i think i have an idea: one of the "fat guys at the movies." the person said they were astonished by how great it was and said it was one of the goriest/disturbing movies. (i'm paraphrasing and doing this only by memory, so forgive me if i misquoted.) at any rate, i made the decision to watch it. so i take full blame for my own miscalculation in watching one of the most horrible, predictable and stupid movies i've ever seen. strange, i doubt i've ever called a movie "stupid" but that was the first word that came to mind about one-third in and stayed in my mind until the end.<br /><br />where to begin? unbelievable premise and reactions, incredibly brain-dead characters (could blame the writing or the actors, or i'll just blame both) and enormously bad acting. i'd sooner believe bill pullman as president of the usa than a fbi agent here. (of course, there's a reason for that, and i'll partially go into that.) and to top it off, if you can't figure the so-called shocking "twist" in the first 5 minutes, then you must have arrived late to the theatre or came into the room to watch it late. don't worry, they'll tell you the "twist" every five minutes thereafter.<br /><br />there's been some serial killer(s) on the loose in the most depressing town in the county, or world. but there's more to the story! some dumbass and corrupt cops like to blow out tires for their own amusement. could there possibly be more? oh, yeah, there's a family, well maybe not, but there are four humans, one boy, one girl and an adult couple. the girl says she sees things with much less conviction than cole sees dead people in the sixth sense. there's gotta be more to this than what i mentioned! that's what makes a movie interesting! adding as many subplots that may/may not be developed is the way to go! okay, then i'll continue. we have goofy fbi agents that made me laugh. a pair of giggling druggies who's shocked at first their dealer od's but then resorts to robbery. a gosh-tooting great-guy cop who must've been put in for comic relief who's always battling an angry/suspicious cop. and finally, (poor, poor) michael ironside who didn't just phone his performance in, he barely text it in.<br /><br />none of these work. they're all told in various forms of presence tense or flashbacks, and believe me, you'll lose all sense of caring after the first of many subplots begin. in addition, the reaction some of these characters are the most shocking of all. i guess i'm referring mostly to the cops, but mainly the girl who did or did not just lose her family and barely blinks.<br /><br />this stupid, stupid movie stinks. it's barely gory as the person that recommended it said it was, unless his exposure has been limited to goosebumps stories. and what's with the title? surveillance? oh, i get it; it's because it was used in 1/50 subplots just to film interviews. since that's so random, it might as well been called cop car, bullet or coffee. just stay away from this horrid mess.this movie was *good* relatively during the first parts of it.<br /><br />we have a story, from 3 points of view. so let's find some clues and complete the story.<br /><br />oh wait...none of that stuff matters because the fbi guys are the bad guys! though that was a great twist...it was almost a terrible twist. i immediately downgraded the film from a 7 maybe 8 to 3 based on the last 10-15 minutes of it.<br /><br />does anyone else not see why the twist is so bad? yes, it's a good shock. but it is bad because it has absolutely nothing to do with the preceding hour and twenty minutes. there's no connection to the killers.<br /><br />the killers are in about all of 5 minutes of this movie (as killers) and the two fbi agents are only in 15 minutes of the previous hour and twenty.<br /><br />we get it...surveillance...oh, the killers are voyeurs. which makes no sense, because they were only described in limited terms as just being psychopaths. and the hour and twenty minutes of surveillance we are watching of the 3 stories goes out the window as everyone is dead in 5 minutes.<br /><br />all of this makes the ending even more ridiculous. oh, they killed a bunch of fbi agents in the beginning...what fbi agents sleep together? all in the same room. to be found and murdered by amateurs and then impersonated by people who know nothing about being fbi agents? a cop 3 feet away apparently can't hit either one with a standard police issue pistol that can shoot several shots. i hate movies that try to make you feel like this could be real when they make absurd leaps they think we will believe.<br /><br />the other thing is the movie ends about 10-15 minutes after they are revealed as the killers with a girl standing in the field somewhere...significant spoilers! <br /><br />this is a sick, disturbing movie... just like the sick, twisted director, jennifer chambers lynch who also wrote it. i don't even know why i gave this movie a rating of 2. it is not the fault of the actors for sure. the cast certainly portrayed their roles well. it is the way this movie was written and the way the characters were written which was the benchmark of a truly sick mind.<br /><br />i do know that i will never, ever watch another movie which has been written or directed by jennifer chambers lynch. she is a sick, twisted, foul-mouthed, foul-thinking deviant. she looks, speaks and sounds like some biker chick with her brain fried on drugs, who spent 20 years doing hard time. you can clearly see what kind of person she is by watching her on the dvd special features section of "surveillance: the watched are watching." you can see and hear her for yourself. she was every bit as bad as i had envisioned from the writing of this movie.<br /><br />i'm not shocked by bad language, although this director certainly talks like a sailor. this goes far beyond simple bad language; worse than any p0rn film. the level of implied sado-violence and perversion she incorporates into every character she writes are of the genre which is even illegal by p0rn standards. this perverse, disturbing thinking is clearly apparent in her own personality and things she says. another reviewer found the description i was seeking. this is a snuff film.<br /><br />be sure to listen to her narration on the deleted scenes and alternate ending. this director/writer is truly a sick person. i can't believe anyone would put her in charge of a movie, much less pay her for it. you can be assured that i will never, ever watch another movie she has been affiliated with. in the thousands of movies i have watched and collected, there are only a couple directors and writers which have merited this kind of boycott. she is offensive beyond anyone i have ever seen connected with filming a movie before. there have been some bad directors and writers, but none could compare to her sick, twisted mind.<br /><br />when i saw this movie, which was just one murder rampage after another. once it got past the hotel murder... then the sick cops shooting at and brutalizing drivers for kicks... the vacation family with the bad parents (who had no business being in the presence of children)... followed by the drug addicts.... the movie then proceeded to the (even more) twisted, deviant serial killers.<br /><br />as i saw the serial killers reveal themselves, i began to wonder what kind of truly sick mind wrote this movie. those were my actual thoughts as i watched this movie. i fully intended to find out what writer had such a sick mind... because that writer seriously needs to be committed for long-term psychiatric treatment. to my surprise, it turned out to be the director. when i saw and heard what she had to say on the dvd, i realized my assessment of the writer was right on the nose. on the dvd, she was indeed the sick, twisted person i had envisioned writing such a disturbing film.<br /><br />while the little girl, (stephanie) ryan simpkins, truly stole the show... i can't believe that her real-life parents would have tolerated this sick, foul-mouthed, director to be anywhere near their daughter.<br /><br />this movie is disturbing, sick, offensive, twisted and the director-writer needs some serious treatment in a mental facility.<br /><br />as far as the ending of the movie goes... the alternate ending, should have been the outcome of this horrific ordeal. there was no point and no benefit to the film or the story or the flow of the film by the death of the other character. i'm stunned that any studio actually distributed the movie. the trailer was completely misleading. the only reason the movie got the audience it did was due to the clever wordsmithing and creative depiction on the trailer. that trailer is not representative of the movie you will see.<br /><br />other than the child... every character in this movie was a sick, murderous, twisted, perverse, violent sex freak and their characters are mirrored the mind of the writer-director who created them. but if you watch it carefully, even the parents of the vacationing family; the sick cops taking pot shots; the serial killers posing in alternate roles; cops in the station; and even the station dispatcher... every single one of these character roles incorporated a sexually, twisted, violent pervert. i'm not too sure about some of the actors after watching them talk about the filming of the movie and the canadian town in the special features section of the dvd.<br /><br />this writer-director has such a personal mental deviation that no matter what she writes, every character role contains those same carbon copy stamps. the only character which did not have these deviant tendencies was the child. watch closely and you will see this in every character. then listen to the director-writer talk on the dvd special features section and you will understand what i'm telling you about her mental state and psychological issues. she wouldn't be tolerated in too many decent homes if she were not from a hollywood film making family.<br /><br />fortunately, jennifer chambers lynch does not have much of a filmography... less than a handful of things. since she carbon copies those disturbing traits in all of her character roles, i don't think we'll have to see many movies written or directed by her unless her dad, director david lynch helps her out. i'd recommend staying away from any movie she is involved with... and i'm not too sure her dad's films would be any better.<br /><br />do yourself a favor. avoid anything written or directed by jennifer chambers lynch.i went to the cinema to watch a preview of this film without knowing anything about it. recognizing jennifer lynch's name and seeing the 18 certificate i realised it might be disturbing. in actuality i found the film a farce. i found myself giggling in disbelief through parts of it. the acting is atrocious- bill pullman and his ridiculous twitching face. i do almost pity the actors though as the script offers them no chance of any believable character interaction. after some shocking incident, (there is plenty to "try" and shock the viewer in this film), 2 characters are seen sharing a beer and talking about the weather. everything was overstated, or thought it was being clever when really it was obvious! the performance from the little girl character named stephanie was the best thing about the film. quiet and intense. i really could not recommend this film to anyone. its violent without point, ridiculous characters, bad acting, bad script and plain silly.i must say, when i saw this film at a 6.5 on this site, i figured it was well worth a view. i was sorely disappointed. from nearly the opening scene, it is obvious the two supposed fbi agents are, in fact, the killers. could they have made it any more obvious? if that is the intended "twist" in this film, that's pretty sad. while pullman and ormond are excellent actors, even their talent is no match for a reprehensibly bad script. pullman adeptly acts the part of a sociopathic killer... and that's the problem. there is no switch from "i'm playing fbi guy!" to "i just killed 12 people and boy, are my arms tired." you can't blame the actors... the story fails in far more ways than one.<br /><br />from the onset of the film, however, i was certain i was wrong, that no director/writer would ever be so blatantly obvious about a plot "twist." ormond and pullman must just be acting strangely in order to divert the viewer's attention from the real killers, i thought... which gave the film's makers far too much credit. i should have followed my instincts and turned off the movie before it even made it past the 15-minute mark.<br /><br />to lynch's credit, she did manage to interject many things that make a good film: sex, violence, humor, and well-trained actors. too bad they were in the wrong configuration. hopefully pell james can recover from this role... i found her performance particularly impressive, as the stunning drug addict-turned would-be savior. she should have rewritten the role so the "crack whore" would win.<br /><br />those people who have compared this film to natural born killers, take note: tarantino made the characters of mickey and mallory reprehensible, yet sympathetic. the artistry of that film far overpowers the gore, and this is not seen once in surveillance. surveillance only wishes it were natural born killers... in fact, it has wet dreams about being even a fraction of what that film was. folks who haven't seen surveillance... stick to something with a little more intelligence. like camp rock.the film's executive producer is none other than that messenger of peace thru transcendental meditation, david lynch, the director's father. i wonder what david's guru, his holiness maharishi mahesh yogi, would have thought of this production. the hypocrisy here is as repugnant as is the film itself. it's a safe bet that samuel l. dieteman, phoenix serial killer and devotee of recreational violence, would have loved every minute of it.<br /><br />i doubt if many would fault this film for its cinematic craft; on that level it's quite good. but on a moral level, it's the most disheartening movie i've ever seen.<br /><br />spoiler coming<br /><br />i guess it's the phoniness of the thing that saddens me the most. morally-numb generation xers learn a craft and a little post-modern aesthetic theory at art school or film school and then get involved in the arts-and-entertainment industry; and here's the result: a film which wallows in human suffering, injustice and carnage, much of which is witnessed by a nine-year old who sees her entire family brutally murdered by a couple of recreational-violence killers who, at the end, ride off into the sunset.<br /><br />no more spoilers coming<br /><br />for whom are films like this produced? narurally, sadists are going to adore this - why wouldn't they? but who else? as i noted above, there's some really good film craft here, but good craft can be applied to any subject matter. why apply it to stuff like this? also, the movie is very suspenseful, but that's not because of the graphicness & grossness of the violence; it's suspenseful because it's well-directed & well-acted. i'm sure the ghost of alfred hitchcock could explain this much better than i can.<br /><br />so what has been put before us here? and above all, why? <br /><br />yes, our world can be an ugly, dirty, even evil place, but shouldn't we dissent when an "artist" makes it her/his business to rub our faces in it? or worse still, to stick it in the faces of those nine-year olds who will, one way or another, end up seeing this on home dvd? <br /><br />i hope that people will see to it that this film is not seen by their kids. yeah, i know - dream on, bernon...sorry for all you guys that are not family with the lynches.<br /><br />my sister in law asked me how you can make just a disturbing movie. i told her that if the daughter and her father would not do these movie, they would have instead to go around and kill and cut people in pieces.<br /><br />after every lnych movie i tell myself, again one and a half hour lost of my life. but next time i will check the director's or producers name.<br /><br />so, you don't want to be angry at yourself and loose time, don't watch it. but if you think that you need to kill someone, watch it, this is probably a better medicine than to spend your whole life in a prison for mentally insane.this must be the worst thriller i have seen in a long long time. the directing, the acting and the adaptation of the story leave what could probably have been a good plot into a meaningless waste of time. within a few minutes of watching the film it was easy to figure out the whole plot and then there are more obvious clues very early on leaving no mystery. i guessed this within the first few minutes and i kept hoping i was wrong and much to my dismay i was not.<br /><br />the film starts off with two fbi agents who drive to a remote town to investigate a murderous spree which has left three witnesses, a young girl, a drug addict and a cop. they are interviewed under surveillance cameras separately and each tells their account of the day. each has something to hide about themselves and the day unfolds as they tell their accounts. this part is probably the saving grace and if developed could have made this film better.<br /><br />spoiler: the whole story ends in the fbi agents being the actual killers and the young girl is the only one who has figured this out and so left unhurt by them.<br /><br />why do they go through the whole charade of interviewing three witnesses and bonding with the young girl if their idea had been to kill them in the first place? how did they get away with pretending to be fbi agents (when you discover that real fbi agents had been killed and their badges were found on them)? how did they know how to set up and use the surveillance cameras?<br /><br />bill pullman and julia ormond are so unconvincing from the beginning to the end. maybe the idea is to develop their characters for the revelation at the end. come on, they both look ridiculous, stupid and not sinister in the least. the character of the young girl is also wasted potential. there is no meaning to her actions and no meaning to whom she prefers to bond with in her ordeal. she does not appear distressed, but rather detached which again is not explained. <br /><br />awful film on the whole.i do not know what today's movie goers expect, but after 68 years of movie watching.. (well maybe i didn't watch many movies in the first 9 - 10 years, so make that 58 years of movie watching) i expect to be entertained, not bored to tears, assaulted by continuous profanity (every other word) and idiotic scenes of violence that are presented in with no other purpose in mind but to show blood splattering and body parts being mangled. surveillance is one of those movies that was made by people who have no imagination, little if any talent, a total inability to tie scenes together and an unreasonable trait of letting a scene go on and on, long after the purpose for it has elapsed. that anyone would ever think that this was a worthwhile movie, when it is nothing more that hollywood garbage is beyond me. as a combat veteran i have seen violence, blood and gore, in many forms, and movies like we were soldiers is about as violent as a movie can get, but it has redeeming value. surveillance must have been dreamed up by persons in a drug induced stupor, with no writing ability, no directorial training, no experience in film editing, and a total lack of contact with reality. just a stupid movie of two serial killers posing as fbi agents, setting up a scenario to kill some stupid foul mouth cops, etc.. a high priced piece of garbage that only an idiot could like...without a doubt, the biggest waste of film of the year. this movie is poorly structured, sadistic, cruel and filled with unlikable characters. on top of that, and maybe the worst crime, it's uninteresting and vastly predictable. as soon as bill pullman's character doodled on the photo changing the word from "evidence" to "violence," i had the entire plot figured out. there are no surprises and there is no compelling reason to watch this trash. the only redeeming feature for me is that i saw this thing for free on my hdnet cable and didn't waste any money. i would truly be angry if i had paid to see it in a theatre.<br /><br />anyone that labels this thing a thriller really needs to get out more. an awful, awful film in every way that matters.it's hard to believe that oprah winfrey produced this piece of junk, the show couldn't even hold a candle to cooking shows of the past, including emeril lagasse, rachael ray is the most annoying talk show and cooking show host in tv history, not since ainsley harriott has had a terrible cooking show host i've watched, at least ainsley harriott has some good moments and some style, this one has no style at all, she's terrible as host, the kitchen looks atrocious, the writing is horrible, the teleplay is over the top and the opening credits are so bad, it makes me sick. now i enjoy cooking shows that had a cool sense of style, but this has absolutely none of that<br /><br />this is one of the worst tv of the year.i of course saw the previews for this at the beginning of some other lion's gate extravaganza, so of course it was only the best parts and therefore looked intriguing. and it is, to a point. a young college student (sarah)is finding riddles all over the place and is becoming obsessed with answering them, and in doing so she's unwittingly becoming involved in some game. now that's fairly intriguing right there but unfortunately it all gets rather muddled and becomes so complicated that the viewer (like myself) will most likely become frustrated. characters appear with little introduction and you're not really sure who they are or why sarah knows them or is hanging out with them. all of this has something to do with this woman who tried to drown a young boy years ago and her reason for that was that it's "all part of the design". in reality, it's all part of the "very sketchy script" and when the film is over you'll find yourself feeling that you've lost about an hour and a half of your life that you want back for more productive uses of your time, like cleaning the bathroom, for instance. 4 out of 10.in the european tv industry, movies like this one are called "stickers". tv stations buy them and air them because when they wanted to buy broadcast rights to, let's say, titanic, some not-really-blockbusters were a part of the deal.<br /><br />14 hours is a story of a hospital, its employees and patients who have to face the worst flood slash storm ever. unfortunately almost from every scene or shot one can tell that is was a low-budget film.<br /><br />newborn babies are very obviously not real, there is no background action and probably the worst thing is the doctor-acting. the actors are not believable in their roles: their lines, when spoken, sound way too memorized, as if this was a read-out camera test.i work at memorial hermann hospital (tmc) and was also working at texas children's hospital, women's hospital, and west houston, during allison. first the shots of the hospital are sadly suburban. the texas medical center has a daytime population density similar to wall street!! there are huge skyscraper professional buildings and hospitals. tch was the largest children's hospital before it doubled in size, twice! methodist, with its 1500 beds is one of the largest hospital in world. the texas medical center skyline is bigger than that of memphis. yet, the best pics hollywood could muster are that of some dinky hospital in the middle of nowhere (besides the real pic of the hospital taken decades ago). also, they combined several real-life characters and portrayed them all in one (super-nurse). i actually know the medical technologist(s) working in the blood bank. two where actually working at the time but the movie shows only one pregnant mt. there was a pregnant mt, and another mt that took the precious patient antibody rolodex (research "alloantibodies" for more info). i will not mention their names (privacy). there was no nurse in the real life lab scene. hollywood combined these two techs (most likely to save time and money). in the movie, military helicopters (true) had to transfer the our babies (nicu and picu) to utmb all the way to galveston! why you may ask, when we have the largest children's hospital just down the street? because texas children's hospital refused to take them. you read right, they refused!!! being employed by them, i was ashamed. needless-to-say, i'm no longer affiliated with that facility. any other comments would be repetitive to the ones already posted by the people that who actually live here, or lived through the experience.this movie starts off on the wrong foot and never really gets it going. the first scene shows a life flight helicopter landing and just outside the window you can distinctly see mountains in the background. for those of you who might not ever have been to houston there is no elevation change. the city sits just above sea level and a 5 ft. incline is considered a big hill. to go along with that scenery, any shots outside of the hospital immediately tell the viewer that they are not in houston. the trees are all missing leaves or are pine trees, neither of which houston has very much of. even the hospital itself, on the outside, is very unbelievable. memorial hermann hospital is one of the top hospitals in the united states and sits smack dab in the middle of the medical district just miles from downtown houston, yet every outside shot of the hospital makes it appear that the hospital is out in the suburbs or even the countryside.<br /><br />it is obvious that whoever was in charge of the actual tropical storm part of the movie skimped out because the numerous shots of radar are all wrong. the first radar image in the movie is that of hurrican hugo hitting south carolina. we later see kris kristofferson leaving his job and one of his assistants tells him that alison is moving back south across houston yet the radar image he shows has alison clearly moving north off of the gulf of mexico into houston...probably the initial landfall of alison.<br /><br />as for the acting, it isn't all that bad. jobeth williams, kris kristofferson and rick schroder all do a decent job considering that this is a straight-to-tv movie. the plot of the story is decent and the fact that it is based on a true story makes it a bit more entertaining. my one problem with the acting is the portrayal of houstonians with big thick southern accents...the actors all sound like they are from birmingham, alabama and not houston, texas.<br /><br />the movie gets its point across and to the general audience it does exactly what it is meant to: entertain. if you are looking for a factual account of what happened to the city of houston in june of 2001 then you will be disappointed. one thing to keep in mind before viewing this movie is that it is based solely on the evacuation of memorial hermann hospital and not on tropical storm alison and the impact on houston metro itself. if you are looking for a factual account of tropical storm alison's impact on houston metro might i suggest watching the weather channel's storm stories for tropical storm alison.<br /><br />*1/2 out of *****upon a recommendation from a friend and my admiration of philip baker hall i rented the first season disc of the loop.it's a typical tv comedy with all the clichã©s that the genre employs with the "wacky" scheming brother (sully), "ditzy" blonde (lizzy), token unrequited love interest (piper), sarcastic asian helper (darcy, which reminded me of arliss, as if anyone needed to be reminded of that show). the plot deals with various bad luck (usually by sully) that befalls sam that puts his job at the airplane in jeopardy, only to have him save the day, with 'hilarious hijinks' ensuing in the middle. i didn't descibe a certain episode. i described them all to a t. therein lies the problem as what seems like it might even be passable entertainment at first just gets uselessly stale when watching episodes in a row and growing bored beyond belief at the endless repetition. sully will do something 'wacky', mimi rogers will say something overtly sexual, russ will tell about his gay son, darcy will do her impersonation of sandra oh on arliss blah blah blah blah blah. the only positive is the lack of an annoying laugh track. but don't let that fool you into thinking it's any good. go watch a far better comedy. arrested development, always sunny in phillidelphia, two name two off the top of my head. surprised that this one is still on the air. oh that's right fox only cancels the good shows, i forgot. needless to say i don't trust my friend's taste in shows anymore.<br /><br />my grade: d+fox is pretty lame. they cancel the wrong shows. it's bizarre that they would cancel a well-written program like "arrested development" and yet they keep this show and "war at home". i feel that fox loved that they broke barriers with the then-edgy "married with children", but now it's just getting ridiculous. "the loop" is a pointless and boring watch, and their edgy jokes just fall flat. in order for edgy comedy to work you have to keep the jokes coming. "family guy" and "the simpons" work because there is a constant flow of jokes. fox needs to pull their heads out of their rectal cavities and quit letting their relatives write this mediocre tripe. i mean, if you're going to invest money into making something entertaining, make it entertaining. also, stop using "no-named" actors. it's great to have up-and-comers, but you need to anchor a show with a noted celebrity. duh, fox.the first season was great - good mix of the job and the brother and friends at home. it was actually a pretty funny show.<br /><br />now it shows up again and the brother and the two hot chicks are gone -- and the whole thing revolves around the airline company. even the old man who runs the company has gone downhill - way too over the top, where before it was perfect.<br /><br />that and no more sarah mason - one of the best looking girls in hollywood.<br /><br />this is what happens when you let some execs get their hands on a show. you can almost see the meeting "the old man is funny, lets focus on him, make him way over the top and make it all about the airline.. it'll be a nutty version of the office!" anyhow, no hot chicks, no watch.i am very open minded. i watch all kinds of programs to the end...good or bad...just to give them a chance and learn from the good aspects and bad ones. this show had potential to be good. but my god, what were the writers, casting director, and director thinking? the cast of actors are terrible...with the slightest exception of meryl (mimi rogers), and darcy (joy osmanski) being given occasional good lines with the best execution of the lot.<br /><br />the rest of the cast kill the show. it is the same story line in every episode. sam has plans to do something. his boss disrupts these plans by assigning him ridiculous work projects. then the foolish ways sam tries to accommodate both in a manner that is primarily stupid and lacks any real intelligent humor. this is every episode. it gets very tiring.<br /><br />season 2, they ditch the eye candy. the 2 "hot" girls in the show get written out (yet the brother stays? explain that casting cut to me please). i can see why they wrote them out...they had no substantial role...but they didn't add anyone better to replace them.<br /><br />the cocky derek tricolli character is given a continuous appearance in season 2. his acting (along with everyone else's) resembles many poor sitcoms from the 80's...might have been funny then...but painful now.<br /><br />the show could have been so much better with a few good writers and some people who had any talent to execute them. this show lacks everything. production quality is the only good aspect of the show. it is great in that regard...unfortunately the content is painfully sad.<br /><br />my god. fox, was there really nothing better to choose from? i'm sticking with shows like "it's always sunny in philadelphia" or "30 rock" for now. the bar should be set by programs like these that actually assume the audience are intelligent and aren't continually drooling on themselves using all their brain power on continuing to breathe.i love this show. i watched every episode last year. i bought the dvds. and i tune into to watch tonight and i see for some reason you have retooled this great show. and you have taken what made it work and ruined it. you took one of the best aspects of the show away which was the 4 friends. sam, sully, lizzy and piper. i love the other characters as well, but they are good in small dozes like derek, darcy and even sully. it is like the show lost some of its family and everyone else is trying to hard to fill in. it is overdose. while things are funny in small dozes when you are exposed to it all the time it goes from funny to annoying. i was so looking forward to the return of this show. so please bring back the charm. even if you could not fit piper into the show at least bring lizzy back. but i loved those girls. they brought the fun. the show was about sam trying to live his business life and handle his personal life and friends as well. that was the charm. and that great dog as well.<br /><br />i hope the network (fox) forced the writers to do this and the writers did not willingly do this to the show. i will give the show a couple more episodes before i give up, but tonight's episodes were bad. i made a big deal out of the show returning tonight and had people over and i felt like a fool, because no one was laughing except 2-3 times. i apologized to them and said i don't know what happened. and about 10 minutes into the episode i realized they were not going to show piper or lizzy and this was no longer a must see tv comedy.wow, there are no words to describe how bad this movie truly is. i usually pride myself on being able to enjoy any movie no matter how bad, but this was just too much. i would only suggest watching this movie as a torture device. if you can get past the terrible plot and dialogue by watching it on mute, the even more terrible camera work and shoddy special effects make this movie a real horror. if your thinking about watching this because your a sandra bullock fan, don't even bother as she has less than ten minutes of screen time, and her acting is absolutely atrocious. not to mention the rest of the cast, which could be replaced with baboons who would do a better job, at least then we wouldn't have to listen to the terrible dialogue.don't worry when looking at the cover of the dvd, sandra bullock only appears at most 5 minutes in total in this cult classic. the entertainment value here is very high. <br /><br />to name but a few of the many highlights that should be paid attention to:<br /><br />- the doubled evil voices of the chief bad guys - the special gun cam - the weird masks and outfits of the hit killers - the showy ways to catch a bullet and hit the ground - the abundance of bottom-up shots - the spacey scene in which bullock falls unconscious on the street - the over-clichã© italian mob guy moe (lamotta) - the cheap synthesizer background music - the mesmerizing overdone gun fetishism<br /><br />and last but not least: the super corny fist-fight scenes. wish there would have been more of those...<br /><br />extra point for the successful attempt at making me laugh out loud.it seems like if you are going to post here it going to be a 10 star rating ,nobody ever seems to dislike anything ,well i am honest, some don't like that but here we go, rachel ray show is just plain awful.!!!!!!, this show reminds me of the snl character linda whatever if she had a cooking -whatever show.i must say i liked rachel on the food network on $35-$40 a day but i am sorry she does not have enough life experience to make her interesting day in and day out,give me ham on the street, anthony bourdain , interesting folks,but most of all i find her annoying, she actually told a member of the studio audience to "shut up" yes in a kidding way but shut up is shut up, and who cares about her pet stories, sorry rachel you been cancelled!!!!oh boy! oh boy! on the cover of worn out vhs has a picture of sandra bullock and her name written on top. i think only reason they had chance to sell the movie in nineties, was because of sandra bullock's name. bullock's fans don't have to disappoint. sandra is only thing to watch in this movie and her performance is the only you can call acting. rest of the movieâ? it's fun to watch in first fifteen minutes because it's bad but after that it's going worse. much worse. directing is awful. acting is awful. script is awful. dialog is awful. action is awful. music is quite good actually. typical score for eighties action movies. this movie is so bad that it goes close to anything andy sidaris has ever produced. it's so bad that there isn't proper word to describe this poor attempt to be a movie. but still, there was sandra bullock. and super cool (sarcasm) jake lamotta who tried to be marlon brando. <br /><br />i think they can now bring the film out on dvd. it could be cool! and they should write on the cover: academy award winner sandra bullock in hangmen<br /><br />1 out of 10the prior comments are way to generous. this movie is a waste of electricity and plastic. on the other hand, i have had a great deal of fun giving it to friends to watch and describing it beforehand as "beyond belief!" "no words can express how i feel about this" "this movie will move you" as expected, the friends took these nondescript comments as enthusiastic endorsements. they were wrong. the sadistic pleasure i had foisting this on people was well worth the $5 i paid for the movie. on the other hand, one (former) friend says i owe him 90 minutes of his life back. i particularly enjoyed the "gun's eye view" of parts of the movie. truly awesome in it's absurdity.found this film in a dvd discount rack for $10. it wasn't worth it. some of the camera work and dialog look and sound as if it were done by a film student. sandra's performance was somewhat credible, but the film was predictable and the action was spotty and dragged.<br /><br />one thing that i will give them, however. unlike most action films, people in this film actually ran out of ammo and scavanged dead bodies for new weapons and ammunition.we also found this movie on the discount rack and made the mistake of purchasing it because sandra bullock was featured on the cover. the cinematography was terrible and the back of the dvd box told more about the plot than the movie itself. oh and i love the uzi cam....not.<br /><br />the dvd release of this movie hopes you will buy this movie on the name and face of sandra bullock. her picture (from years after this film) basically is the cover art... and the back cover art... and the inside cover art... the same picture. her name is prominently shown on the front cover, all 4 edges and the disk itself. she is the first name in the list of stars. her biography is printed inside the case. this film must revolve around her character, right? wrong! it is her first movie and she plays a minor role. after watching the movie, every role seems like a minor role. the character dog actually displays some personality. less than an hour after watching it, i don't even remember the names of many characters.<br /><br />maybe if i watched it several more times, i could actually figure out the plot, but i don't think it would be worth the effort.<br /><br />oh, wait, i just remembered a funny bit! shoot-em-up video game fans will get a kick out of the "doom-cam". looks just like a first-person shooter game. hands and gun pointing out in front of the camera.<br /><br />i am generally not a person to be critical of movies, but this may be the worst movie i have ever seen. i kept expecting some silhouettes to walk across the screen, sit down and start making fun of it.<br /><br />i'm just glad that the money we spent on this (used) went to charity.this film stinks more than limburger cheese! if you find this at a garage sale, leave it there! i love sandra bullock and yet hate this movie... although ashamed, i do own a copy, and the studio has changed the cover to play on the fact that sandra bullock is in this at all. they play it up to be "a sandra bullock movie". she only has a small part in the whole movie and she does her best with that, but she is young and had not learned her talent yet. well everyone has to start somewhere...i broke my own rule buying this movie from the $5.88 bin at walmart. basically, if a movie has a big star in it, and you've never heard of it before, it's usually for a reason. well in the case of this movie, the reason is because it sucked! they plaster sandra bullock's photo and name all over the cover of the dvd as bait, and it reeled this little fishie right on in. i was thinking of donating the disc to charity, or giving it to the library, but i don't think i would want to subject anyone else in the world to this movie. worst lines: "what do you mean army buddies?" "what do you mean your dad?"my first warning should have been that this dvd was on sale for $5.00. but since it featured sandra bullock, who i generally like, i bought it. my disappointment with the film began almost immediately. the dialogues are slow and stiff. the color is distorted. i kept adjusting the volume to hear the conversations. the acting is amateurish. even the killing scenes are a failure. twice, dead people moved their legs. when my cash-deficient daughter offered me a dollar to turn off the movie, i immediately and joyfully complied. this is an amazingly bad movie. tomorrow i am giving this dvd away at the company white elephant christmas party.i don't know how this dvd made its way into my collection - my wife suggested it was one of these "3 for â£20" deals at a high street store. the thing isn't worth 66p, let alone â£6.66! having invested heavily in it, i felt duty-bound to watch it to the end, just to make sure it was equally bad all the way through - and it was.<br /><br />the dialog was awful, the story line was impenetrable (i still don't understand what the hell was going on, despite having read the synopsis), the camera work was disjointed and hopeless, the acting was wooden (not helped by the dialogue).<br /><br />in fact there were no redeeming features - no, not even the lovely sandra bullock, on whose glittering subsequent career this pile of dross has probably been sold. she should get her agent to buy up all the rights to it and then bury it asap.<br /><br />as a final amusing example of the director's ineptitude, there was a scene where the young lead is conversing with his father's ex-army sidekick while driving. this was the clearest bit of dialogue in the film - no engine noise whatsoever! i look forward to the engine-damping technology eventually making its way across the pond into british cars!i watched 5% of this movie tonight and you may tell me that i need to see the whole movie to understand it, but frankly i don't think so.<br /><br />what the hell is the story in this movie? i saw a lot of people running around in a factory, shooting at everything around them.<br /><br />where to start? okay..<br /><br />1) they were shooting around the place as if it was the terminator or something they were trying to kill. the entire place is made of metal, but not a single bullet sparked on the metallic surfaces.<br /><br />2) no ricochet. metal vs metal is bound to cause ricochets, but apparently no one got hit by a stray bullet.<br /><br />3) magic bullets? in one scene a bad-guy is standing right in front of a good-guy when another good-guy pops out behind the bad-guy and pumps him full of metal. you see the bullets exit his chest as it explodes in a bloody mist, but the good-guy right in front of him doesn't get hurt at all! 4) after having just splattered a human being all over the wall, the two good-guys tell each other some jokes and they laugh and look like teenagers playing with soft-guns.<br /><br />5) sound? at one point the good-guys cut a wire and an alarm goes off (who the hell cuts a wire just to set off an alarm?). the lady screams out "alarm in sector blah blah" and the bad-guy boss says "okay.. this.. is.. not.. a.. drill.. blah blah" in a very, very amateur kinda way. ooh, we're getting ambushed by terrorists, this isn't a drill, but i'm gonna sound like i don't give crap.<br /><br />6) focus!! first you see the bad-guys load up on weapons. for some reason the same guy gets the same uzi twice. deja vu or loop of scenes? you literally see every single bad-guy receive the same kind of weapon and they lock and load the same way. the weapons dealer pops in the clip and the bad-guy extra no. xx locks and loads. when they started opening fire you had to see the barrel flashes. boooring!! 7) actors or dummies? one of the presumed good-guys throw down a smoke grenade for some reason and of course the bad-guys are suddenly inside the smoke because they're smoke-blind or something so they don't see it coming. they cough and moan as if it was anthrax in the grenade. then a semi-boss bad-guy arrives and he doesn't even cough when he enters the smoke, he just pushes the other bad-guys away and they suddenly realize that the smoke isn't anthrax anyway.<br /><br />8) b flick? i think yeah! a guy sliding down a metal pipe wielding a uzi in his right hand shooting away at someone in his eye height apparently. i'd like to see a guy fire a uzi with one hand and i'd like to see him go get his hand afterwards. extra bloody gore mess in a b flick kinda way. small *pops* and a red hole with a torn shirt indicates that this guy is dead. though the first bullet hit his heart the good-guy who is a super trained green berets still feel the urge to empty his clip into the dead guy.<br /><br />9) one of these mentioned trained soldiers jump out from his hide with an empty clip! how stupid can you be!? always check your clip before facing an unknown amount of enemies! 10) boring scenes. like the barrel flash scenes and the lock and load scenes, the movie is filled with time wasting scenes of people running around in an apparently empty building. cut to the action if you're going for a b flick movie, please.<br /><br />my two cents on this movie.here is a rundown of a typical rachael ray show:<br /><br />1. the awful theme song begins to play, and rachael descends wearing her snapcrotch outfit in this bizarre cargo elevator. 2. she begins running around screaming and/or insulting the audience, then yells at them sit down. 3. an awkward monologue.<br /><br />(the next are in any order) 4. a segment tooting rachael's own horn (i.e. "i lost 500 pounds with rach's recipes, "rachael ray saved my life," "rachael's fashion tips.") 5. a totally useless d.i.y. tip (i.e. how to engrave words into casserole dishes, how to use your washing machine as a salad spinner, how to build a tube of lipstick with a light on it.) 6. the unleashing of horrible recipe on the unsuspecting audience (reaction shots of first bites are never shown). 7. a celebrity guest with an awkward interview, followed by some obviously scripted questions from the audience. 8. a person who gets help from one of rachael's cronies (i.e. the i say yes to everything woman, the i own nothing but overalls lady, and the i can't find time to put on makeup housewife). what would they do without you rachael. *gasp*<br /><br />reasons that this show should be avoided like the plague: 1. fakeness: rachael ray claims that entire show is unscripted. many people who have attended tapings of the show have claimed that the entire show is scripted. many of these same people have also mentioned that there is even a very strict dress code for the show. <br /><br />2. her show jumps around too much: where as oprah, who is the highest rated talk show host of all time has a definite theme for her show, rachael's jumps around like an adhd soda child on crack. her show averages perhaps 10, short, worthless segments a show. on second you will be getting fashion tips from kojo, and the next rachael will be making gross stuffed "spanish" peppers with manchego cheese, and the next their will be a giant anaconda up on stage, and the next, well you get the picture.<br /><br />3. rachael is a poor host with bad ideas: aside from her grating personality, rachael's hosting ability is terrible, at best. her questions for her celebrity guests are poor, and often times not even relevant to the interview, and her segments are unappealing and offer little educational, or humorous value.<br /><br />in conclusion, you need not waste your time with this schlock. it will be canceled soon anyways.i saw this one remastered on dvd. it had a big picture of sandra on it and said "starring sandra...." and made it seem like she had a big part in it. not so. she's barely in it. she does what she can with the script, but that's not much. <br /><br />the sound was awful. by that i mean things didn't go together. shots would be fired and the number of shots didn't correspond to the sound. people talking in a car while it's moving and the shot is from outside the windshield but there's no motor noise, road noise, or any other sound. kind of weird.<br /><br />score was awful. it sounded like the same few notes over and over. dialog really awful. <br /><br />acting was awful, i couldn't believe any of it. fight scenes were like a batman comic without the "biff", and "bam". they were really lame. the shooting scenes, i mean with firearms, were laughable, literally. i fast-forwarded through a lot of this movie. even then, it was too long.i checked this out for free at the library, and i still feel ripped off. yes, sandra bullock is actually in it, but only in five scenes totaling up to barely 5 minutes, and even those are fairly painful to watch. the rest of the movie is so bad that you'll spend most of the time hoping it will end soon, but only if you're one of those people who have to finish a movie once they start it. everyone else will just turn it off. don't worry, you aren't going to miss anything. bullock's lines (assuming that you were tricked into watching this because her name is plastered on the case) are essentially just parroting of other characters lines, like this dialog:<br /><br />lisa (bullock) - "danny, please tell me what is going on."<br /><br />danny - "i don't know." <br /><br />lisa - "whaddaya mean you don't know?" <br /><br />danny - "i don't know - it's something to do with my dad." <br /><br />lisa - "whaddaya mean your dad?" <br /><br />danny - "i don't know - he ****ed up or something." <br /><br />lisa - "why am i here?" <br /><br />danny - "i'm sorry lisa. i don't know." <br /><br />(moments later) danny - "some army buddies of my dad . . . " <br /><br />lisa - "whaddaya mean army buddies?"<br /><br />see what i mean? <br /><br />bottom line - just say no.the dvd version we bought had sandra bullock on the cover, but we've discovered it was a picture of her from another movie. unfortunately, she is in this movie very little. you can, however, see how far she has come.<br /><br />the one other bright spot in the movie, besides her very small part, were a few of the location scenes, shot in nyc and new jersey in the 1980s.<br /><br />the sound is terrible. sometimes the background noise is so loud that the dialog is difficult to hear. sometimes the dialog has been redone without any background noises at all, which is disconcerting. for example, sometimes when they are in the car, the noises from the car are too loud, and then suddenly there is absolutely no extra noise at all. the director is fond of close-ups on faces, and then it's clear that the movie has been over-dubbed because the words don't match the lip movements. through most of the movie, the voices sound like the people are speaking into a tin can.<br /><br />background music, when there is music, is distracting instead of adding to the movie.<br /><br />the direction is laughable. goofy camera angles and sound effects make the movie look like a joke, especially during times when there is supposed to be tension, like in the middle of gun battles. the writing is terrible. there are some subplots that make no sense, and most of the characters come off looking very stupid because there is no explanation at all to their motivations. the writer/director tries to explain some of the relationships between the men that were together in vietnam, but none of it makes sense. these top assassins and former soldiers don't seem to be able to see other people's shadows or hear other people moving. the actors go from calm to panic and back to calm again without any warning. it's simply a combination of bad directing and bad writing.<br /><br />the production values are so bad that at first, we thought we had stumbled on someone's student film that just happened to have sandra bullock in it. if you like laughing at really poorly done student films, then this movie is for you. otherwise, avoid this movie.wait until you've watched most of all other films ever released, wait a year, then watch this when you're ready for something with such low production values it that will not challenge anybody's imagination.<br /><br />i agree that whoever rated this movie as a ten-star production has to be doing it to skew the data. anything above 8 would be odd.<br /><br />nice to see the very young sandy bullock in her poofy hair for the short time she was featured, though she overdid the new yorker accent but other times her southern (virginia & nc) accent did sneak through. ancient history for this accomplished actress who has grown so much since this film.<br /><br />the dvd i rented had two bonus features, a mini-bio section that only featured sandra's bio - taken verbatim from imdb. it also had a trivia quiz as a bonus - 3 questions. hope you get them all right!i walked into blockbuster, itchin' to watch some good old fashion action movies. so i browsed around the action section until this movie caught my attention because the cover had in big bold letter sandra bullock. an action movie with sandra bullock in it and it's rated r!? yay! although i will admit i prefer her in a comedy but if this is anything like 'speed' then i was sold. sadly sandra really is not in this movie, her role is minor: "panicky kidnapped girlfriend" (she is in fifth place on the actors listing for jeebus shakes!) apparently this was her first movie role (and after watching this movie, i figured as much) sandra is the only living human in this movie, everyone else might as well be a zombie in a b-horror flick. this movie deceived me saying sandra was the lead . . . i fell for it like biff from 'back to the future' when marty yells "what's that . . .!!!" god, i wish i watched that instead of this.<br /><br />sandra is the only bright side of this movie, every time she is on camera it is like she is picking up shock paddles and yelling "clear!" to get this movies going but it flat lines no matter how hard she tries. more on sandra later . . . <br /><br />the movie is dull. very dull. think of the dullest moment in your life then imagine living through that moment for 110 minutes (for me, it is this movie). this movie even somehow makes gun fights and bullet time effects boring, so boring that elephant tranquilizers are put to shame. and this movie's idea of bullet time is a close up of an ak in slow motion which mocks you as the caps spitting out of it represent each second of your life as it slowly ticks away. and i knew i was watching a bad movie because i found myself fast forwarding "through-the-action!" the plot? . . . there was a plot? music? . . . even by 80s muck standards is bad but at least it's the one thing that kept me awake. acting? sandra bullock was good and . . . ummm . . . moving on. is it any good since it is rated r? no, unless r stands for ridicules-snooze-fest.<br /><br />and it is really 80s clichã© when a movie opens with an overhead view of a city (rocking guitar licks or power ballet) and ends with a gun fight in a grim factory complete with steel walkways and assorted pipes. both of which this movie satisfies. at least this movie establishes what era it's from which was unnecessary since sandra's hair was screaming "1980s!!!!" and a movie gets really ham fisted when you watch an assassin stripper kill a nerd in the bathroom and stuff his body in a box, which you respond to sadly saying: "that is probably the most action that poor sap ever got." another hammy moment is at the beginning when some-secret-agent-dude caps a crowd of people and apparently this movie thinks people jump into the air and fall to the ground when they die. all that scene needed was the mario death ditty or maybe contra sound effects but nintendo might have sued.<br /><br />and it is sad when the main action hero of this movie rips off other better movie icons. before the big gun scene, da hero is found standing in a boxing ring ('rocky' anyone?), sporting a leather fedora (not 'indiana jones' too) with an ominous spotlights behind him (terminator the 2nd before owning t-1000) what is really really sad is that people on youtube or dailymotion can film better quality videos (with a crappy webcam no less) then this movie. i'm serious, most rant videos recorded with bad audio and blurry picture are more entertaining then this movie. i cannot even call this movie by it's given name for it's very name bring back horrid memories of watching this cruel and unusual punishment (a freaking violation against human rights!) the only bright speck in this dark abysmal abyss is sandra's career started taking off thanks to this movie. but oh sandra . . . why did you have to be in such a nightmare? the paycheck better been worth it. the dvd also graces you with a little back story on sandra as an extra, seen how she is the only one from this movie who end up being a house hold name. which explains why this movie uses her name as bait for unsuspecting movie buffs, crafty little critter.<br /><br />i don't have much experience with bad films but i know bad when i see it. i could bounce back from 'mazes and monsters' with a good old campy bruce willis comedy. but not even bruce could cheer me up after this movie. i have yet to see any ed wood or uwe boll but i think i'm amped for them now. for i can't even fathom a movie worse then . . . "gag" . . . 'hangmen' . . .i give it a 2 - i reserve a 1 rating for guy ritchie and woody allen films. we don't even remember what this movie was about. the only thing we recall is one gunshot scene where the actors drop to the ground, roll to the other side of a hallway or something and then get back up shooting. it was like watching 80-year-olds with 2 broken legs trying to perform the 'stunts'. also, when the characters were driving in a truck, the engine noise (or radio? can't recall) would vanish entirely when the actors were talking.<br /><br />and, like others, we bought it because of the sandra bullock front cover. very sad, very bad.i love sandra bullock-she's one of my all-time favorite actresses-but this is a movie that she should have paid a long time ago to be trash-canned. i realize that it's almost 20 years old-but my dead grandmother can act better than these people did. beware-it's not even worth the $ 5.50 walmart rack...you know that when the acting stinks this bad that it's not even worth a couple of bucks-the sound quality is horrendous-there's no closed captioning to even hear the hideous dialog, and it looks as if it were filmed on a $ 1.98 budget. i thought that i'd like to see sandra in an early role to see how she evolved as an actress-but yikes is too kind a word to use...this movie is soo bad that i've wasted way to much time already talking about it. soo bad...really... ...bad... and i'm not even that critical... ..i'm almost ashamed to admit to having seen it... sandra's few minutes show you how far she's really made it... i mean really anything next to this is really oscar worthy for her... i suppose the only way for her to look at it is there's no way but up after this one...i suppose she had to start somewhere... but really...soo bad... ...awful really... bad is too good a word for this s**t ....but i don't want to get mean now... but really how can u not after wasting 90 minutes... 90 minutes of my life that i'll never get back... 90 minutes i could have spent doing something better...like sitting on my butt and staring into space..that would have been time better spent... (walks away shaking head)what can i say after i say the one line summary. sandra does a credible job but what with the bad direction and story line it can't save it. way too much pre occupation with guns. how can the hollywood types rant about the need for gun control in our society and spend so much time and film footage focused on guns?? it's just worse than expected.this movie is #1 in the list of worst movies i have ever seen, with "lessons for an assassin" on the #2 spot.<br /><br />the acting is lousy (sorry, sandra bullock, but even your performance was horrible!), the music score could have come from a bad x-rated movie and the story was downright ridiculous. it had this in common with a typical action movie: the dialogues were short and consisted mainly of one-syllable words. but contrary to the average action movie, there was no real action in this one. boring.<br /><br />the only reason i continued watching it was in the hopes that at one point, there would be at least one interesting scene in this movie ...<br /><br />thumbs down on this one.although the figures are higher in proportion to other areas of society, i don't object to the extremely high salaries for many of today's entertainers and athletes.<br /><br />a-rod, lebron or brady all have deals either well with 8 figures, or the low-9 area. ray romano and jerry seinfeld could actually become billionaires from their shows, huge residuals and fees they currently demand. even their cast members, and all of the "friends" group reached near or over 7 figures per episode. letterman's earnings for one show could solve most people's financial problems, and a week or two's take care of many for life.<br /><br />but all of these are based upon sound supply/demand principals, and the financial benefits they bring to their employers. and all perform their crafts ably.<br /><br />but then comes along someone like rachel ray, who reaches a level of earnings far beyond any apparent level of talent or skill. i find her shrill, annoying, and with a forced "perkiness" that's as phony as the proverbial "3-dollar bill."<br /><br />a friend of mine is responsible for special meetings, events and convention plans for her firm and its affiliates. one of the major talent sources has hundreds of clients available from the $5-10k level, to a handful who get $200k and up per appearance. (this area includes trump, seinfeld, lance armstrong, robin williams, and, no kidding, larry the cable guy.)<br /><br />there are a greater number in the $100,001 - 200,000 range; list included the likes of bill cosby, steve martin and even cable guy larry's benefactor, jeff foxworthy. <br /><br />this category includes rachael ray. i suppose i have to admit there may be sufficient demand for her "talent" and offerings to justify her talk show and there may be some out there who'll pay more than $100k, + first class air, hotel suite, all expenses and limos door-to-door, for just a couple of hours of her whiny prattle at their organization's event. <br /><br />i just can't figure how-in-the-hell this could be possible.sandra bullock is my favorite actress..... but this movie was so horrible, i couldn't help but chuckle throughout the movie in disbelief that i was actually watching something so crappy. ha ha. the audio editing is horrible, they try too hard to come up with creative camera angles. because they're just weird and stupid. the script sucked. acting was horrible, storyline not very good. very unrealistic, even for a movie. but it is a 20 year old movie..... so i'll give it a bonus point for that. and yeah, the music was terrible. but we all got to start somewhere. and submitting these things is such a hassle..... 10 line minimum... bother. well now i know why i couldn't find this movie in the movie store.... i had to purchase it offline to see it... good thing it was only $.58 cents.... even though shipping was $2.59. oh well.... i don't recommend anyone wasting their time and money seeing this film...notable only as the acting debut of future big-time hollywood starlet, sandra bullock, this ludicrous action flick is so full of holes that one might easily suspect termite infestation. the storyline is incomprehensible and very poorly thought out. the production values stink of cheese. in fact, a total lack of production values would have been better...at least the film might have seemed grittier that way. the adr is laughably bad and omni-present in the film. it's debatable as to whether or not any of the dialogue tracks from the actual shoot were used.<br /><br />the performances are, for the most part, horrible, though there are a few exceptions. in those exceptions, however, the performances are undermined by the fact that the director was obviously giving the actors poor direction and making them act completely out of character at times. (i.e. characters going from passive to panicked in the blink of an eye. bad direction.) also, the constant "weapon sound effects" (magazines being loaded, slides being cocked, etc.) are completely overused and, more often than not, totally out of sync with the on-screen actions. add to this cheesy "bad guy" vocal distortion for the lead villain (mainly so that you know he's the villain in this incomprehensible mess of a film), and you have a recipe for disaster.<br /><br />the situations in the film go well beyond standard "suspension of disbelief" and become downright laughable. one lead character spends a good portion of the film tied to a chair before he decides to use the butterfly knife tucked in his sock in order to free himself. so, my questions are...why didn't he do this sooner, and why does he even have the butterfly knife. he wasn't searched? right. this is one of a hundred examples of completely ludicrous situations which have somehow been crammed into this 90-minute package.<br /><br />in whole, "the hangmen" plays like an unbearably bad r-rated tv movie from the '80s. if not for the subsequent success of sandra bullock, this would have never found its way to dvd. but it has, so my only advice is to steer clear. watching this film may actually impair your iq.i had a bad feeling when i saw the cheap title work. it only took a couple of scenes to confirm that this movie is a real stinker! the only enjoyment i got out of this was to laugh at the technical flaws (example - the background "car sounds" audio just disappears during the scene with danny and dog in dog's car). production shows a total lack of imagination (example - slow motion machine gun fire repeats many times). sandra bullock plays essentially a bit part, completely unnecessary to the plot. to say that this movie actually has a plot is doing more justice to the writing than it deserves. the antique computer hardware is kind of interesting. this film was released in 1982 (not 1987 as the imdb database indicates) and then current "high tech" was an amber screen on a 4.8 mhz ibm pc with floppy drives. maybe the pc was the real star of the movie... at least it was interesting.<br /><br />we got this on dvd for a couple of bucks in the bargain bin at walmart. as the other reviewer notes, we paid too much!this movie is from the 80s, but it looks like it was made in the stone age. the effects are way too cheesy. my copy has sandra bullock on the cover, which was why i bought the movie. she was in the movie for about 5 minutes of total screentime. she would most likely deny all involvement.<br /><br />in short, there is no part of this movie worth seeing, except to laugh at how bad it sucks. rent this to see the worst film ever made, bar none.but certainly a serious contender for one of the worst 10 of all time.<br /><br />i got this dvd cheap, with sandra bullock as headliner on the case. this is false advertising - she's on-screen for almost 10 minutes of the movie.<br /><br />on the other hand, there was no other selling point for this movie - the dialog was horrible, the editing was apparently done by someone who was strung out on quaaludes, the directing was ... well, let's just say that my 14-yo daughter could do better, but i hope she never sees such faint praise from me. it's possible that the family cat could have done better.<br /><br />sandra does a creditable job for a first film, in the short time she's on-screen - and that's the only redeeming quality of this film. stupid story, poorly written, and transferred to film as only a 7th-grade media class should be able to do.<br /><br />in short, this is dreck.if you have ever shopped at wal-mart, then you probably know about the $5 dvd bin that sits by the electronics department. well, that is where i found this movie. however, i was tricked! you see, the cover of this particular dvd had a big picture of sandy bullock on it and even listed her name as a "headliner". i picked it up thinking, "wow, i didn't know sandra bullock did this movie?!?!" so i was pumped to go home and watch a cool sandra bullock movie. much to my surprise, ms. bullock had a small role.....very small role. she plays the girlfriend of the son of the cia agent. talk about supporting actress. she may have had no more than 2 lines in the movie. besides being deceived of this being a bullock flick, i looked past that and i continued to watch an "action-packed" film. negative! at one point, for special effects, a gun was taped to the camera. you gotta watch it to laugh at what horrible really is.i won't go into detail about why this movie deserves an awful rating, plenty of other people have already done that. suffice it to say that out of the over 400 movies that i've owned on dvd, this is the only one that i got rid of- it was so worthless that i couldn't see ever wanting to watch any of it again.<br /><br />however, i do have a comment on the ridiculously high average rating of 2.9 (as of 3-15-06). while skimming through the 4 pages of reviews i saw no rating higher than 3 stars. looking at the voting history, 78% of users rated the movie as 4 stars or less. it looks to me like a few people are stuffing the ballot box to keep this movie off of the imdb "bottom 100" list. it would be interesting to see how many of the 30 users who rated this movie as 10 stars (none of who wrote a review of the movie) are actual active users.<br /><br />don't be fooled, this movie isn't worth your time.i hafta watch crap like this all the way through to see if there are any redeemable qualities whatsoever to justify including it in my clients' video libraries. don't you watch this, not even a minute of it, unless someone has a gun to your head. you will, as i did, moan & groan at least 500 times, and pray that one of the one- dimensional characters, all played by really bad actors, would turn and shoot you dead.<br /><br />even if you are the biggest sandra bullock fan in the world, it is not worth even watching the two or three short scenes in which she appears.<br /><br />i want to kick the asses of the sleazy marketing people who put sandra's huge picture on the face of this dvd box and have them thrown in jail for mugging me or something like that. i really wish i had the chance to read a review of this film before i bought it.<br /><br />please, give me a call, and i will pay you $10 to remove this movie immediately from my inventory before it stinks up the whole place! (just kidding--please don't call)this forth film in the "angel guts" saga, which at only a few minutes above an hour (it just feels much longer) , is also the shortest, which is perhaps just as well as it's also the most uninvolving of the series.nami, a department store clerk, is interested in another part time job. her fellow worker at the department store introduces her to modeling for a porn mag called 'red porno'. but when her other employers found out about her naughty pictures they decide to fire her. and she gets some unwanted admirer. oh yea and she likes to masturbate ..alot. using various household items. the wall to wall sexcapades masks a lack of discernible plot and pushes this one far too much into exploitation territory, not unsurprising though given that the director of this one is toshiharu ikeda ("evil dead trap", "beautiful prey"). perhaps his sensibilities just weren't suited for an angel guts film.<br /><br />my grade: d <br /><br />dvd extras: commentary by jasper sharp; bio/filmographies; a 36 minute interview with toshiharu ikeda; original sleeve art; and trailers for this and 4 other angel guts films (high school co ed, red classroom, red vertigo, & red porno) all available in artsmagik's box-set, but for some reason the 6th film "angel guts: red flash" is not in the setdespite a small handful of nicely executed scenes, this entry (the fourth) feels tired. toshiharu ikeda, who directed the superb mermaid legend and the seminal japanese splatter film, evil dead trap, shows little enthusiasm for the stale premise.<br /><br />a miscreant becomes obsessed with an outwardly conservative woman who reluctantly appeared in a porno photo shoot. predictable stalking, harassing, assault and rape ensues.<br /><br />the staple of roman porno is sex. and sex mixed with violence. both potentially exciting subjects, to be sure, but not when so little effort is made to make them fresh. a masturbation scene in which a woman forces pencils up her opening (via condom) is too little kink to late.<br /><br />the series' rain motif continues and the film's final scene brings relief.i love documentaries. the andy goldsworthy doc was great.i looked forward to this one - but was very disappointed. i knew of kahn and was intrigued by the idea of his lonely death in a penn station men's room. there must be a story here, i mistakenly believed.the only story here is of sadly deluded women who had affairs with an ugly little famous married man. in the absence of anything like an explanation for this guy's horrible behavior, we're given endlessly repeated clips of kahn walking around and painfully long - supposedly contemplative - shots of his soulless buildings.actually, some of the buildings are interesting but the thrust of the film asks us to think about the guy himself. the overwrought soundtrack references an emotional tug that is entirely absent from the film. kahn's apparent gifts do not excuse his behavior or martyr his mistresses. this film seems to want to give kahn the great artiste's free pass and thus make the director and his mother sympathetic figures - i don't buy it.i am currently 22 years old, and remember seeing this movie in the theatres when it first came out. you heard me right, i was 5 years old, and yet i can still distinctly remember what i saw that afternoon so many years ago. was it a mystical trip through the fantastic world of mark twain's creativity?... no, on the other hand, it was a quite creepy film about mark twain's dark, depressed, and in fact suicidal side. one scene that still bothers me was a particularly strange scene in which mark twain is playing the organ at his own funeral.<br /><br />would an adult enjoy this film? well, this movie quite possibly features some interesting viewpoints that a person with a working knowledge of mark twain's writing might enjoy; but trust me on this, "adventures" is not the film you want to use to introduce your young children to mark twain.i attended a screening of this movie. it was wrought with clichã©s and very unfunny jokes and set ups. i think the other comments were by people who must've worked on the movie or been family members of the cast. i'm amazed this movie cost $3-$4 million without any real stars. where did the budget go? it obviously didn't go to writers for re-writes. nice thought to bank on the success of big fat greek wedding, but a major miss. there was little or any spark between the main characters and the inciting incident was a bit flimsy at best. the direction was uninspired and looked like a student film.<br /><br />i don't even know what it means everybody wants to italian. is that a real saying. i've never heard it.far from combining the best bits of pontypool and 28 days this managed to ignore them. whilst shamelessly copying them. (if that makes sense?) pontypool was different and got progressively tenser, this just stinks. the radio dj, "we must stay on air" spends effectively no time on air. he sits on his bottom and watches the tv for news. this is by far the worst excuse for a zombie movie ever. is there a single person in the usa or indeed the world who doesn't know what a zombie is? or ever heard of the word "zombie"? well, by the 50th minute this bunch of misfits are still calling the zombies, "the infected ones" or the ones with "rabies'. the word "zombie" might make a guest appearance later, i could care less. maybe there's a copyright where you have to pay to use certain words? like the bluetooth earphone is called "the ear-thingy" i kid you not! to finish, no plot + no acting = no-one cares. a waste of time, a shameless, poorly executed rip-off.stealing is a crime, and these guys, kenny yakkel and corbin bernsen look like their going to get away with it. i haven't even seen this film, but not only do i know it sucks, but the fact that it steals the story of another film, or 2 films for that matter, is such bull crap (and if imdb would allow profanity much more than just bull crap) that i become filled with rage and feel as though i should just throw myself out the window and just end it all. o.k that's a little much but stealing is worse.<br /><br />ever seen pontypool? it was this awesome little zombie film made in 2008, this radio host goes into work, and then this zombie attack happens. we only see what's going on inside the radio station, and the only guess we have on what's happening on the outside are the occasional calls from their eye in the sky ken loney (easily the funniest moment in the film in my mind) and the bbc calling in for an update on the situation. from all the reviews i've read, and from the conversation i had with my friend (who has seen this film and pontypool) this film was exactly like it in the story, with minor tweaks here and there. so throw originality and creativity out the window. as for the zombies, or the infected, whatever you want to call them. they are the exact same thing, just because they got infected does not change the fact that they walk around mindlessly, and have a never ending quench for flesh. they are zombies. zombies!!<br /><br />zombies!!! okay one to many, but back to this crappy movie. the zombies from what i've heard are a lot like the ones in 28 days later, another better movie, with their insane rage and even more insane quench of flesh. this is where zombie movies define themselves, story does not matter in a zombie movie (as long as your not taking the idea of another film). sure a zombie movie can be enhanced by the story, as is the case with pontypool, but the zombies have to be, in a way, original. 28 days later started the insane raging zombie. pontypool i can't even begin to explain those guys without ruining the film. the evil dead, i think all i have to do is just type the name again because, come on it's the evil dead. romero is the master, and he went through all different types of zombies, from the painted face zombies in dawn of the dead to raging zombies in diary of the dead, and he did each one with his own unique style.<br /><br />so, after talking about other great zombie movies, i think it's about time i explain why i hate this movie without even seeing it. this movie down right steals the original story outline to pontypool which i think is called plagiarism and is illegal in this country and many people get kicked out of school for doing this very thing, yet in hollywood it's allowed, and apparently approved of. this is not the only film that takes the outline of another movie, and just tries to tell it differently. the 90's is like the worst period for movies ever, sure it had some gems but what decade doesn't, and it's because all the movies were the exact same. my favorite, the crime movie with a twist so big that you'll never guess it till the very end. they force feed you one suspect, make it seem impossible that it's not anybody else but him, then, bam, all this time it was this guy, you just had to look at the scenes where he wasn't there and then when he would mysteriously show up out of the blue, say "hey guys, what did i miss?" oh! didn't see that coming did ya! well, i'll leave a clichã© as my closing statement. this is one film you'll surely want to miss.corben bernsen directed horror film about a chemical weapon being released in a sporting event and turning everyone in to insane monsters. we watch as the staff at a radio station takes reports.<br /><br />its has moments but mostly it plays like a lifetime horror movie with breasts and blood. there are some really good ideas here, but they just don't work. actually the film's ideas are better handled in a film called pontypool which pretty much works all the way through and builds tension by not showing us anything. this shows us stuff and it just seems cheap. given the choice i'd watch pontypool again rather than watch this film again.the idea behind dead silence is great: zombie outbreak takes place during an edgy paranoia radio talk show. there was so much going for this film. unfortunately, as soon as the zombies made their appearance, all was lost.<br /><br />the film is ridiculous and only those with a passion for cheesy, b-flick horror will enjoy it. the zombies were soooo stupid! they ran around flailing their arms. they looked like a bunch of people putting on a haunted house for elementary students.<br /><br />i know this is a brief review, but i just don't see the need to invest much into this. it's a dumb movie. you've been warned.i watched this film mistakenly thinking that it was that other radio station zombie flick. the shonky production values and low-rent cast soon gave away that this was another one of the those cheap sci-fi channel style knock offs.<br /><br />the central performance from bill moseley is initially quite engaging as the dubious radio shock jock but as the film goes on becomes less and less convincing as he is actually required to act. the rest of the cast have little to do other than look concerned and have no depth whatsoever.<br /><br />the cinematography is dull, flat and completely uninspired, like so many of these kind of films. it doesn't even manage a decent bit of convincing gore, the zombie make up is literally pathetic apart from one notable exception towards the end of the film.<br /><br />the film tries to inject originality and a message into it's concoction of half baked and ripped off ideas by somehow equating this outbreak with intolerance towards islam and the war on terror. this is woefully handled with all the intellectual clout of a 6 year old. as the characters and seemingly the writers are unable to distinguish the difference between race and religion - describing all people of a certain skin colour as "muslims." most notably one character is revealed to be muslim by skin colour alone. at the same time the "muslim" terrorists who cause the outbreak are the usual psychopathic stereotype. <br /><br />presumably the far far superior pontypool had a similar budget as dead air yet shines everywhere where this film fails miserably.hard to believe - but it is! i shouldn't be surprised. commercials try to show how unique and "funny" a show can be. yet not only didn't the commercials announcing this new show have the slightest iota of humor to me, i've not spoken with anyone who found the commercials amusing, either.<br /><br />i don't recall ever seeing a pilot so devoid of cleverness, cuteness or humor. the characters were insufferable for the most part. especially selma blair's (which is astonishing she would agree to be in a fecal sample of a show like this). the few moments where the characters were slightly redeemable were considerably hackneyed and trite.<br /><br />rare is the show with no redeemable qualities at all. and this is not one of them. kath and kim has exactly one redeeming quality - and that's selma blair. despite wearing repugnant outfits and acting like a pitiful, whiny stupid excuse for a young woman who seems like a cross between britney spears, paris hilton and kim kardashian, selma is still nice to look at.<br /><br />but if you want to look at selma, go rent hellboy. you'll at least maintain a modicum of respect for her instead of searing this abominable character into your brain to associate with her.<br /><br />all in all, kath and kim is a waste and truly epitomizes the worst that tv is or ever has been. it sets a new low.need i say more? the reason the good australian version of kath and kim was, as mentioned, good, was because of it's hilariously funny originality. the reason this new american-ised version is so terrible is because a lot of it is taken straight from the original. not to mention the unfaithfulness to the characters. kath is meant to be a dag. kim is meant to be fat. kel (or phil as they have dubbed him) is meant to be pathetic. brett (or craig) is meant to be a loser, not a person who acts like he's on heroin and finishes every sentence with 'dude'. thank god szubanski didn't sell her rights to sharon, she'd probably end up being a tall thin blonde who kim likes.<br /><br />kath and kim are mother and daughter. they are not meant to look 2 years apart. and they are not meant to giggle like school girls. this show is a disgrace to even share the same title as the australian version. america: get your own television shows.i've tried watching it twice, though i haven't been able to make through either episode. for me, it's basically just not funny. i can tell where i'm suppose to laugh, but i can't. i've never seen the original, so i'm not comparing. i also love comedies, including off-the-wall comedies like married...with children and family guy, but this show just doesn't' do it for me. the jokes are lame and flat, and the acting is mostly annoying. the commercials made it look interesting, but it isn't. they're trying too hard to be different, and tying to force the humor. that style usually doesn't work too well. i don't think this show finishes the season. of course, i could be wrong.some ugly weirdo who had three families, cheated on and neglected all of them, built ugly useless buildings all over which are now unappreciated and crumbling. his bastard half-jew son runs around interviewing random jewish senile people who we care nothing about and shows his dreadful narrating and writing skills while tragic piano music plays. this goes on for almost two boring hours and amounts to nothing.<br /><br />all you shallow hippie people who watch these stupid documentaries, eating salads and yogurt, think all this crap is so important. it's not. save the whales. no one cares.the original australian kath & kim is brilliant. why do american producers need to remake & ruin yet another classic show? remember the original version of "the office" with ricky gervais, it was an absolute masterpiece, and there was no need to remake it. the producers said that the british humour from "the office" and the australian humour from "kath & kim" would not translate to an american audience......... what??? so basically they are saying that americans are too dumb and stupid to understand the jokes, so they need to remake the shows with over-the-top childish gags, so that the americans can understand the humour. the original australian version of kath & kim is fantastic and very funny. avoid the american version like the plague!!it isn't too bad, but ultimately it lacks the quality that the australian series has.<br /><br />the jokes are few and far between, the actors are attractive (they shouldn't be), the film makers think far too much about the cinematography (it's supposed to look like a home video) and it's just like a serious version of kath and kim... it's stupid.<br /><br />it's too normal to be kath and kim. kath and kim are supposed to be two curvy, middle-aged women who think they are hot and wear ridiculous clothes. there are no "look at me kimmy!" jokes. the fat friend of kim is not fat at all and she's not even slightly stupid. she's a stereotypical black/latino chick.<br /><br />it's just not as stupid or funny as the australian series. it doesn't compare. nothing is the same. i admit, this show is pretty funny at times, but it is not anything like the aussie series. i was looking forward to an american take on a bogan family. they failed. it's supposed to be really stupid and hilarious, but the actors don't act stupid! to me, this is just a typical american tv show. it's a let down if you want it to be anything like the aussie show.<br /><br />2 stars because it is an okay show, just nothing like what it should be.the best thing i can say about the american version is that jane turner and gina reilly must be raking in the money for this crap. yes, the american rip-off was shown for about two episodes in australia but didn't rate; probably by curious viewers who were wondering how bad it would be. answer: deplorable, a complete waste of time. the actors are relatively unknown and they don't take readily to the nuances of the australian-written script. bad luck for them as they are doomed to plummet with this turkey. my advice to usa viewers is don't.<br /><br />americans should be best advised to find dvd's of the original version on ebay, but be aware that some dvds are in a different 'zone format' to those issued in the usa. otherwise, some dvd players will operate discs from both/all zones.i watched the first episode and i found it to be a very wooden performance.<br /><br />i have watched the original from it's early days on big girls blouse to the last series on channel seven. kath and kim was a great mocumentary and it's humor is something that most people get.<br /><br />however in this american version i found it to be dull, molly shannon is to fashionable to be kath day, kath's wardrobe is supposed to be stuck in the 80s with her frizzy perm. while selma blair's figure hugging clothes isn't as good as what the original kimmy wore. i also found that selma seemed to be puffing her belly out a lot, she is obviously a (australian) size 12 where kim should be (australian) a size 16/18.<br /><br />the exchanges from molly and selma is obviously so scripted and there is pauses where there shouldn't be pauses or the pauses are a bit long, as someone suggested there could be a laughter track in there during those pauses. it's like molly and shannon are not used to each other, there is no mother/daughter chemistry.<br /><br />phil was okay he had the eccentric air around him like kel. however craig was to handsome and not the sweet plain humble brett from the aussie version.<br /><br />i found watching this was like watching a very bad stage play. the acting was pretty much wooden and the exaggeration of selma's expressions wore the funny off after ten minutes. especially her sulking scenes.<br /><br />to sum up, i find this show to be a waste of time, the script obviously has been dumbed down for americans which most on the board say they prefer the original. if nbc wanted to show kath and kim why not pay the producers the money to screen the original.<br /><br />all i can add is magda you are one smart cookie for not letting the producers use your character of sharon.me being from australia and loving the series, i wasn't expecting much from the american version of kath and kim but i thought i'd watch the first episode to see if it was really that bad.<br /><br />well,whats there to say. its nothing special.selma blair is ok as kim and actually had a few good lines, molly shannon is not a good kath though. the good thing about jane turner's kath is that when she speaks with all her funny accents (such as when she says yumor or noice) it sounds like its just the natural way that she speaks, but when shannon has a go at the accent, its clear that she is acting and trying to be the same as turner. and the show really misses sharon or some one else to give us something to laugh about, because the kal and craig characters in this version are really not funny.<br /><br />so far only the first episode has aired and it is clearly not up to the standards of the aussie version, although if it was a stand alone television show with a different name, not being compared to the aussie version it would perhaps be viewed as being a little bit better. but if there is nothing else to do on a sunday night (or thursday night in america) then you cant do much harm in watching it, or better put on some of the aussie version if you've got it.there is something about this show that keeps me watching and hoping for the future of it. in the writing, the jokes are few and far between, and the story lines are a bore, so i figure it must be the physical comedy and the visuals.<br /><br />i do enjoy the camera movement, set dressing, and wardrobe. it's amusingly highly contrasted against the dullness that reigns. and i'm pretty sure every time i have laughed it was because of john or molly's physical comedy. the two of them make a sickeningly cute couple that make me laugh and want to puke at the same time.<br /><br />so here i go ready to sit down to kath & kim one more time tonight to see what path this production will go down (or up as the case may be, looking forward positively).i'm a fan of this generally excellent though sometimes rather dull show but season 3 has taken some terrible plot directions. the episode hero is an example of what i mean.<br /><br />the story as it eventually unravels is that the cylons deliberately allow bulldog - a pilot captured several years earlier during a black ops mission - to escape, steal a cylon ship and get back to galactica. the plan is that when bulldog gets back he will figure out that adama left him to his fate and be so enraged that he will kill adama, which he very nearly does.<br /><br />now the problem is this - the cylons set it up so that bulldog thinks he has escaped by himself. this means that bulldog gets off the cylon ship with no assistance. so he kills a cylon and walks out of his holding cell - that much we see. then, we must suppose that he walks to the flight hangar, manages to get into a cylon fighter ship and learn how to operate it, takes off and flies back to galactica. just like that.<br /><br />now starbuck managed to get one of them working in season one, which was barely believable in itself, but she only had to fly it visually out of orbit before making contact with galactica. bulldog has to programme his ship so that it makes several jumps through hyperspace and manages to catch up with galactica somewhere thousands of light years away, in an unknown direction. how does he manage to programme a ship that contains completely alien technology? cylons connect to their computers by touch, there are no visual consoles or keyboards. and having managed that miraculous feat, how does he then know where galactica is, bearing in mind that galactica took off some 3 years before and is trying ever since to evade the cylons - it does not leave beacons behind? even allowing for the suspension of disbelief that must apply to any sci-fi show, this episode still absolutely no sense whatsoever.some people say this show was good in it's early years! i disagree with all of 'em. the show is just plain stupid and pathetic. my mum hates it, i hate it, my dad hates it, i don't know about my sister but oh well. here some reasons why:<br /><br />1. the characters: babies being used as grown up style characters are stupid. the babies are just precocious and annoying. the grown ups and adults are dumb and unappealing. the worst character is that angelica pickles (she really does it in for your ear drums when you had a long, hard and miserable day at the office) and also that kimi finster who appears later on; she is too over optimistic and a pain in the butt. she can't decided whither she is french or japanese: it doesn't matter know; you are a american citizen know and that's that! oh, what am i talking about, all the characters from this show suck!<br /><br />2. the stories: the stories are unoriginal and dumb. the make it like the babies go off on a great adventure, yeah to the back yard shed. in one episode, that little goofy brat, tommy pickles the leader broke in to a television's control room and literally almost destroyed it. don't give kids any idea to smash up normal t.v station's control rooms (they pay a awful lot of money for them in real life). i can imagine what the broadcasters must of felt like airing this episode, they will probably start staring at their machines throughout the day scared that a baby will brake in. sad!<br /><br />3. over rated!: the show has been dragging on for years now and people are still making up stories and new series and spin-offs for this. get off! the simpsons have been going for nearly the same amount of time as this but they are much better and funnier than babies. the show is just plain over rated! people, where is your common sense!<br /><br />anyway, i surprised t.v stations across the world want to air this series even off today. the show is utter junk and should have never been produced. the two movies for this cartoons sucked just the same! 2/10cruddy, innocent..no smoking, drinking or bikers, but jeremy slate (good actor) and jocelyn lane (good actress) make this moronically feasible for a bad biker flick, post-biker (exploit) time. they knew it, we knew it...adam roarke and slate are wasted..but they lived on.<br /><br />a 3 out of 10. best performance = jocelyn lane. lane is the only really to catch the final exploit biker film after run, angel, run (which also has good actors - like don stroud, etc.). it was over. they knew it. they were trying to make a living. but, jocelyn lane (from two elvis bad flicks, tickle me and something bad one) in yellow and leather is the modern hot chick with j. slate fighting for honor. it's worth seeing, but it sucks. but check it out. well worth non-biker, non-smoker, non-boozing, "biker" types with hot chicks.i've read the positive comments on this movie. i assume people who were in this movie must've come to this site to give it some good press because this was one of the worst movies i have ever seen. i always watch the whole film despite the quality or lack there of which explains why i watched this whole movie, but i don't think i laughed even once during the duration of this film. the jokes were mostly very bad, but when the jokes had some promise, the delivery was off. if you liked it, maybe you should lay off the buds because you need to preserve the 5 or 6 brain cells you have left. this movie had a poor script, bad acting, poor directing, weak plot... nothing of virtue and was not entertaining. if you haven't seen this movie, don't.a frustrating documentary. louis kahn's son, who saw his father only minimally during his childhood because he was a member of just one of the three separate families his father had created, takes on the task of trying to learn more about his father through an exploration of his architecture and his life. it sounds like a great idea for a documentary, but it ends up flat and uninteresting.<br /><br />sadly, the basic problem is that kahn's son, nathaniel, is not just one of the film's protagonists --- he is also director, writer, producer, interviewer and narrator. nathaniel seems both too inexperienced and possibly too close to the material to function well in any of these roles. further, while he seems like a nice enough guy, he doesn't have much screen presence, so the fact that he is the only constant in the film becomes wearing. <br /><br />nathaniel also comes across as an unprepared and amateurish interviewer --- there are several points where an interviewee makes an interesting or provocative statement and the camera cuts to a shot of nathaniel offering little more than a blank stare and a sort of timid "uh-huh," as if he's a little panicked that he's going to have to come up with something to say in response. at times, i felt embarrassed watching people who might have had truly interesting things to say about kahn (or at least better things to do with their time) seeming to realize that they were in the hands of an interviewer who was going to rely on them to direct the conversation. <br /><br />nathaniel's dual role as both documentarian and lost son seem to do more to hurt the film than help. one senses that some of the interviewees are a little reluctant to really open up about negative aspects of kahn's personality and career, presumably because it's not clear from nathaniel whether he's looking to dig into the truth or simply wants to hear nice stories about his dad -- preferably ones that will confirm his hope that his dad really did care more for nathaniel and his mother than seems likely. his passive approach as an interviewer may stem directly from this conflict. the only person nathaniel does push is his own mother, but those conversations tend to feel a little like bad teen drama (aren't you angry, mom?") and don't offer much in terms of helping us (or nathaniel) understand kahn or the loyalty he evoked from those around him. <br /><br />what the film desperately lacks is shaping by an experienced and independent hand, not to exclude nathaniel, but to balance his subjectivity and inexperience. an independent director could have stood away from the material, given more thought to what the interviewees could contribute and, one hopes, cut out those portions of the documentary process that just don't work, such as the weird segment with the guy who claims to have see kahn die (which made it look as if nathaniel was just being taken in by some loony) or the entire bit about hooking up with kahn's first cousin, who had nothing to add about kahn or nathaniel. too many times nathaniel makes us watch him standing in or near a kahn building buttonholing strangers to tell them that his father was the designer. (ahhhâ? huh. thaaat's nice, sir. ummâ?i gotta go now.) i understand why these things might be important to nathaniel and that showing the documentary process is sometimes interesting, but this is one of those examples of when a documentary can be too personal.<br /><br />as an aside, i thought the score written for the film was great! (but, one of the oddest moments in the entire thing for me was when, during the tour of the kimball art museum, the voice-over quotes kahn as making a comparison between architecture and beethoven's fifth symphony. the music being played at the same time? beethoven's ninth symphony. a mistake? a miscue? who knows? it did make me laugh.) <br /><br />kahn was a great architect and it's clear that he was an unusual human being and had an intriguing life story. there's definitely a good documentary to be made about him. one is sympathetic to nathaniel's search for the father he didn't know, but i'm not sure whether that is an interesting story. neither works so well in this film.yes, i admire the independent spirit of it all, but it's like road trip with a bad cast and no budget.<br /><br />i chuckle when i watch american comedies, i don't laugh. this movie made me laugh, but only because of the abundantly obvious attempts to simulate high-budget american high school/pot-flicks.<br /><br />if you want good independent american comedy with pot-references, go watch kevin smith or richard linklater flicks or something. don't waste your time on this piece of sh't movie.<br /><br />i mean, how can you take these comments seriously when most people are complaining about the characters not smoking pot!<br /><br />and by the way: in norway it's called "dude, where's my pot"!i mean, nothing happens, 5 dumb kids go to oklahoma to find a magical forest of marijuana... this could've been fun, if it hadn't been for the 5 worst actors in the world. and the dialogs weren't even half an inch of fun. the only thing that i almost showed my teeth of, was when the dumb cops stopped the teenagers in either oklahoma or kansas... the plot could have been fun, had it not been for abysmal interpretation. if you even think about watching this piece-of-crap movie, don't. how dumb is it, that the guy gets away from the cops by telling them he's gay, like his friend did (just that he wasn't pretending...) and there's that dumb hick joke about the several meanings to the word "gay". i'm laughing my hair off.......not....... anyway... worst movie i've ever seen!!this movie was extremely disappointing, i thought it would be another 'marijuana comedy' but don't be mislead, it's not at all. there are barely any weed-related jokes that come to mind, i don't even think they smoke any weed in this movie. the marijuana field is merely a plot device.<br /><br />my impression after seeing this film was that four friends were bored one summer and decided to write up a script full of (their idea of) witty dialog and make a movie. the product is bland dialog supported by mediocre acting, to say this movie has no 'hook' is a huge understatement. don't waste your time or money....or better yet, watch fandango if you want to see a really intelligent and funny male college age road flick. rolling kansas sounded promising (in fact the program guide gave it 2.5 out of 4 stars which usually means it's fairly watchable) but i pretty much fast-forwarded through it. usually road trip movies have great music, but i can't even recall whether there was music. the only high point was a small role with rip torn as a wise old hitchhiker/guru. otherwise the jokes and timing missed all along the way. the four main characters are unknown actors and i don't remember seeing any of them in another movie. (oh, yeah, i see that thos. hayden church was in it, but he's in everything, good, bad or indifferent). this movie is about as funny as watching someone else stoned when you're not.every time i see a film like this i get sick to my stomach. when i watch a movie i like to see what i see in everyday life. as i go through my day i see blacks, whites, asians, latinos etc...how do you cast a film and don't even think of the possibility that other ethnic groups will walk past you? i'm sure they didn't do it on purpose but pay attention. i don't care if it takes place in kansas or south central. all i saw was one token black. this was typical in the 80's. hey! it's 2007, with all the rappers, singers and athletes working as actors thomas haden church could have paid more attention to his cast. aren't actors supposed to be more liberal?this movie is retarded a cheap movie that tries to be a stoner movie because the characters are looking for pot but none of them are smokers just a bunch of garbage thomas hayden church should not direct anymore especially this movie which is a waste of film. people who liked this movie gave good comments but from all the people on here some are just retarded and don't watch movies so they think that any bad movie is good the actors suck and the movie sucks balls.<br /><br />i think that many people are going to be upset because this movie tries to make itself look like the ultimate weed movie when it is just the worst movie about weed that i have ever seen i hope that people will stop the director from directing crap like this even weed cannot make this movie funny or entertaining .this film has some flaws, and most of those flaws are a lack of anything happening. possibly the greatest film to show the direness within fly-over country, "rolling kansas" is a film in which nothing happens and you don't care about anybody. like life, it starts, it moves, and then it ends. a few attempts at humor are made, but everything falls very flat. the occasional cameo just reminds the viewer that they could be wasting their life doing something besides watching this movie and the one rock song they bought and used at every single instance.<br /><br />do yourself a favor and go see a good movie. this is free and repeatedly frequently on comedy central because nobody went to see it, nobody wants to see it, and it's marginally better than dead air. not to damn with faint praise, but the movie's one rock song is worth listening to. too bad the movie isn't worth watching.this one and the one prior "toulon's revenge" and the next one seem to be completely different from the first two movies where the puppets were not so nice. it is basically choose your series, the first two go together and paint the puppets as killers, while the next three are a series of them being the good guys. this one plays out to much like some cheesy television series episode to be as good as part three was and i never really had the urge to try and watch part five of the series. basically, a kid gets the puppets while some strange dark lord or something sends his evil puppets out to kill, this dark lord looks like some sort of enemy from one of those live action japanese shows like ultraman. the movie is over before you know it though so it has to get credit for not inflicting you with a very painful to watch movie. just to many plot holes and things in it for it to be considered an okay movie. you do get to see the guy who played toulon in the last movie though then you have a very anti-climatic battle and wham the movie is over before it really begins.so i decided to watch the entire puppet master series, and had just watched parts 1-3, which i thought were all excellent. they had a unique charm to them, and a certain intelligence that i really appreciated. about a year ago, i even saw puppet master vs. demonic toys, which of course was bad, but still a terrific guilty pleasure and fun to watch.<br /><br />from the very beginning of this film, i knew it was in trouble. the cheesy power rangers-style egyptian skull villain who watches the puppets 'rita repulsa-style' through his pyramid glass came straight out of left field! all of the additions to this franchise in this story were completely absurd! suddenly we have a grand assortment of all kinds of new and random characters and plots that are a far cry from the first three films. i seriously doubt that when the first puppet master was being penned, the writers had visions of someday seeing an egyptian power rangers villain, totem monsters, annoying twenty-somethings who seriously can't act (and are supposed to be brilliant scientists but never say anything intelligent), and a lame "decapitron" puppet who's head can morph into the ghost of toulon.<br /><br />another thing that greatly disappointed me in this film was that it completely ignores what happened in the last entry (part ii, since iii was a prequel). suddenly, the puppets are back at bodega bay inn, back in their case (minus blade), and toulon for some reason is willing to help his puppets again (he betrays them in part ii for his love of elsa). this isn't explained at all...and so with that, and all of this other junk thrown in, i was no longer amused.<br /><br />i'm a huge fan of ridiculous b movies, a connoisseur if you will. i even collect laser discs of rare b movies you can't find on dvd, and so it takes a lot for me to say that this was one of the most absurd movies i have ever seen in my life. i still love those puppets, the original ones, blade, tunneler, pinhead, jester and the rest, and if they had only stuck with what they had rather than trying to fix something that wasn't broken, well, the series might still be alive and in good health. that being said, even though the reviews aren't so great, i'm really interested in checking out puppet master retro, sounds like an interesting one that pays great tribute to the original themes.a severe backwards step for the puppets in this mainly dull and tedious outing. guy rolfe, so fantastic as andre toulon in part three barely features this time and richard band's fantastical them tune appears with the puppets a fair few minutes in to the film. for the start of the movie we are introduced to the caretaker of bodega bay inn (gordon currie) and some youth friends of his (many of the cast are canadian and are all very good in unfortunately rather undemanding roles - teresa hill is quite yummy). totems, minions of the egyptian god sutek want the secret of animation life back and the puppets (when they surface) act with a previously unseen cleverness to attempt to destroy the ugly and very computer game looking totems. the totems merely complicate the series and distract from the things that previously made the series so unique - they don't share the weird beauty of the puppets and thus don't really fit in. top scene is pinhead using a rag to clean blood from tunnelers drill bit, classic and about the goriest this film goes. the fifth film was filmed concurrently with this one so expect similar sections of mediocre and a toulon performance that seems to have been filmed in a different era (or even galaxy). guy rolfe deserved better and series fans certainly do. grrrrrrr.try as i might, i just simply couldn't get into this one. perhaps it was the washed out tones; perhaps it was the drawn-out approach--i'm not really sure, but though this was by no means a "bad" movie, i didn't really find it to be very much of an "effective" movie (words that i understand are so much more arbitrary than their common uses).<br /><br />so, basically, the deal here is that a series of adolescent boys' deaths sets off an investigation and anxiety in a small provincial town, triggering a witch hunt. what do the boys' death have to do with the mysterious, sexy woman who has appeared in town? is the crazy hermit woman involved? is it voodoo? the story is a mixture of crime drama and horror as the various townspeople are all suspect and corpses keep appearing while bloody violence ensues.<br /><br />good enough, but to me, most of it fell a little flat. oh, it had it's moments... the one boy walking in on a beautiful naked seductress was pretty good, and the scene where the fathers beat the hermit was a bitter commentary (even if the effects themselves failed, considering her skin seemed to peel off as if they were whipping her with red-hot irons).<br /><br />my biggest issue was the ending. i've already put spoiler tags on this review, but be warned, here's the big spoiler: i don't believe it. i don't believe that a priest could convince himself to kill young boys for becoming sexually aware without some hint of that psychosis appearing earlier, with other boys, with a history, or some other personal affect. the movie didn't really earn its ending. end spoilers.<br /><br />nonetheless, fulci is a big name and i'm more than certain there's an audience out there for this. i definitely need to check out more that he's done, because this may have been a poor introduction. most italian giallo is hit-or-miss anyway, so i'm waiting to see what else this guy can do before writing him off.<br /><br />--polarisdibi'm a big fan of the demonic puppets. looking at the surface of this one, it looks pretty good! you've got decapitron, the puppets, and a new villain in the totem! unfortunately, the little punk that's doing this project to animate, inanimate objects, can't act. he stinks! his girlfriend is worse. if they were left out, it would probably be cool, blade vs. the totem. i'd watch that for 2 hours. but instead, the puppets role is down played, and the whole movie suffered because of it. the mystical skull guy who created the totem is corny at best, and decapitrons appearance is long awaited, short, and really quite disappointing. you'd be better off watching the first one again.***slight spoilers*** this installment of the full moon franchise changes the storyline a bit and implements some new elements. first off a new puppet master is established. secondly, the puppets turn good in this sequel. finally, it introduces some scifi/fantasy elements as well.<br /><br />a new tenant of the infamous hotel by the bay, his girlfriend, her psychic friend, and that psychics boyfriend, stumble upon andre toulon's puppet trunk. they also learn about some demon from another dimension that holds toulon responsible for stealing the secret to animating the unliving. so sutekh (the demon) sends the totems, a bunch of craven little creatures that look like ear-less gremlins. then it's up to the puppet troupe to take care of the inter-dimensional threat that's trying to kill there new friends.<br /><br />like most low budget movies this film is rife with continuity problems. how did the puppets get put back in the trunk? how come nobody remembers the last rasche of killngs in the hotel? who bought the hotel? why would a contractor by a building with a history of mass murders? all this and many more questions, will not be answered...ever.<br /><br />the real suprise of this movie is the acting. it's actually pretty good. the actors take it with a enthusiasm unusual especially for a bunch of full moon nonames. teresa hill was especially impressive as the shy, nervous, psychic lauren. chandra west (susie) was also a pleasant suprise also. gordon hill was a tolerable protagonist. but cameron was far too annoying to stomach. thank the norse god he dies before halfway through.<br /><br />the puppets are there usual animated selves. with some improvements as well. there emotions (especially jester's) are much more human due to the sounds that have been given to them. blade's hisses, pinhead's grunts, and six-shooter's snicker have all been improved and sound much better. the stop-motion animation is only average at best, especially the totems. they just don't seem to move as fluidly as the previous installment in the series. also the sutekh costume is absolutely awefull. how are we supposed to afraid of a creature so humorous looking.<br /><br />the story seems a bit juvinile for the series. i think charlie band was looking to focus in on a younger demographic. the violence being toned down in this movie also seems to speak the same. gore fans will be disappointed.<br /><br />i think the above is the main problem this movie can't really stick with many people. it doesn't have the violence for gorewhores. the language is a little cleaner. yet it's too violent and harsh for the wee ones. which is why the movie gets low ratings. i have to say that the common reviews are mostly fair.i absolutely love the first three movies, they were great! i once caught part 5 on vhs 10 years ago, and i was disappointed. but perhaps that was because i never saw the fourth one, because they were shot back-to-back. but after finally viewing a copy today, i have to say it was no way better than number 5. my expectations weren't high to begin with, but this is cheap direct-to-video stuff, not even a horror movie, it's pg-13. the acting was not convincing, the story was rather dumb without any excitement and there were not many effects. but the main problem is that there were no kills or any gore (the annoying kid who gets killed in his car was supposed to be the highlight, but come on..)<br /><br />surprisingly, both parts 4 and 5 were directed by sequel-director jeff burr who gave us the excellent stepfather ii and leatherface: texas chainsaw massacre iii. i liked puppet master: the legacy, even if it was nothing else than a tribute with the best scenes from all movies.<br /><br />overall, puppet master is very much like the hellraiser series: a great trilogy but forget the rest..being a gay man who lived through the time period examined in this tedious documentary, i was eager to see how the subject matter was handled. unfortunately, the film makers wasted what could have been an energetic and insightful opportunity to shed some light on our collective gay history. this film only concerns itself with the period within new york city, ignoring the rest of the country. while i spent a fair amount of time in nyc at that time, i can assure you that there was a gay life outside manhattan! the men interviewed here are the same "a-list" queens who thought they were better than anyone else during the 70s, and here they are again, waxing nostalgic and still throwing attitude. the film should have at least tried to cover larger topics, such as race, ageism, the burgeoning gay "caste system" based on wealth, body image, and the rise of the "clones", discrimination of sub-groups within the community, and the ability to grow a decent mustache (which was very important in the 70s!). alas, we have none of this presented, and the recollections of those interviewed are no different than my own memories. if you were there in that decade, you'll enjoy the archival photos and grainy home-movies of the bars and discos we haunted. if you weren't there, this film will undoubtedly seem dull. it should have been so much more, but sadly, it's not. two stars for jogging my memory...i still miss going to the anvil!this movie should be retitled: sex in the 70s in a part of new york city called greenwich village and chelsea.<br /><br />this movie does little to talk about sex in the 70s except focus on the hypersexual environments of public and private sex spaces in new york city. i doubt that the manhole bar was symbolic of actual sex in the 70s and that kind of sex is much more prevalent in the film.<br /><br />don't get me wrong, the time period looks like a blast. and it's rather important to document the scene to which the film refers. but as far as calling this film sex in the 70s, the title is a bit misleading. technically it's no oscar nominee, but the rawness of it feels appropriate for the subject.<br /><br />overall, an "eh."i just saw this at the castro theatre in san francisco and had trouble staying awake during this incredibly repetitive, unenlightening little film. it is a 75 minutes film that felt like 175 minutes and has about 20 minutes of modestly engaging material. it's not bad in any offensive way, it just repeats things that have been said many, many times over and more interestingly and provocatively. with only a couple of exceptions, the interviews drone on and on and on, making little emotional contact or context to the whole topic. it's more like a "how to" guide for something that can't be done anymore. i was alive during the era but felt little connection or nostalgia for what was presented.formulaic to the max. neither title reflects the serial's actual content, "fighting nazis in morocco," (actually, the iverson ranch). the plot is just to fill in the lulls between fistfights. the packaging claims over 40 'fistic encounters' in 15 chapters. that's at least three a chapter! aside from seeing duncan renaldo cast as a spanish accented frenchman, watching how much furniture is overturned, smashed, thrown, burned or blown up is what this serial is really all about. when the protagonists start fighting, you can bet that everything in the room will be in it, too. so, kudos to the fight choreographer, who is the real star of this serial! <br /><br />two positive notes: the characters do sometimes lose their hats during the fights, and best of all, we have the girl side kick (often a journalist, as she is here) actually participating in the mayhem, mostly by shooting and killing the bad guys. yet to come is linda stirling killing the main villain in "manhunt of mystery island" (1945). on the negative side, there are just too many jump out of the way escapes-- before the slab falls, before the car goes over the cliff, before the speedboat explodes, before the building explodes, before the truck hits you, etc. etc.<br /><br />it is claimed that this serial partially 'inspired' george lucas to make the first indiana jones film, but that is more by implied concept than because of the actual story or the serial's development.<br /><br />rod cameron 'shines' as a moving rock, a role he played in all his films. other than watching all the furniture getting smashed, there's nothing really going on here, compared to other serials that have fewer fights, more story, better actors and more developed characters.<br /><br />i give it a 3 for all the furniture smashing.i have to differ from the other comments posted. amid sporadic funny moments, there are a lot of actors trying too hard to be funny. the strain shows. i watched this with two friends on another friend's recommendation- none of us were thrilled.is the cannes controversy-meter remarkably esoteric, or is that we americans are so callous and cynical that we never bother to read between the lines anymore? be that as it may, with plenty of careful analyzing, "falscher bekenner" at no point seems to live up to the hyped controversy it supposedly brought to cannes in 2005, a puzzlingly drab and aimless movie that rather lives up to it's glum american re-title ("low profile").<br /><br />building on familiar themes of bourgeoise angst and subsequent sexual liberation (kind of), admittedly it's a film not without it's surface-level interests. it starts out with a grabber, as a haunting shot of a desolate off-the-highway road focuses in on a teenage drifter, who ultimately walks by a totaled car, where supposedly a brutal hit-and-run has left the driver dead in a gory mess. stunned, he does nothing but pick up a scrap of the remaining engine.<br /><br />just out of school, the drifter turns out to be armin steebe, a product of the german suburbs with minimal ambition. persisentily pressured by his caring but somewhat nagging parents to find a good job, he endures interview after interview with every haughty interviewer along with it, every one with the same fruitless outcome. getting mighty sick of it, his aforementioned highway encounter soon provokes his first act of rebellion: claiming responsibility for the crime which he did not commit.<br /><br />pretending to fill out more applications and going to more and more bizarre job interviews by sunrise, he partakes in roadside sexual fantasies and petty vandalism way after sundown. as the days get shorter and the nights get much hotter, as he goes on living in his suburban neighborhood as if he's doing nothing out of the ordinary.<br /><br />if you seem confused about what exactly is going on, don't worry about being the only one: this is about as far and coherent as the story gets. the plot seems simple enough, and perhaps due to it's seemingly direct purposes that's why "falscher bekenner" becomes pointlessly convoluted, becoming enamored with endless false conclusions, dreamlike situations and graphic sex scenes to try and enlighten a story lacking clear logic to an already vague argument (supposedly the soul-numbing effects of the modern suburban wasteland, or something about youth's fascination with crime. hey, it could even be a coming-out movie.) at hand. it spends a lot of time creating numerous symbols, both tangible and surrealistically allegorical, but they don't seem to be really symbolizing anything of interest. <br /><br />the most fatal flaw, however, is how the filmmakers paint all it's characters in a rough shade of vanilla. there's hardly any distinguishable traits to help understand their purpose, and how the secondary characters (especially the confused relationship between armin and his rather normal- perhaps too normal- family) catalyze the already under-developed lead character's "plight" never comes into focus. how are we supposed to identify with this young almost-adult's rebellion, with little sense of the world he's living in or the prominent figures around him that help comprise it? <br /><br />many people drop in and out of the movie (including armin's sort-of girlfriend katja, and a strange, affluent visitor who for some reason finds pleasure in watching the protagonist eat brownies) and seem to exist for no reason whatsoever. they ultimately just seem like prolonged padding to an already thin story with pointless subplots that continue to prove the movie is drawing a total blank about where to go next.<br /><br />and even a movie that supposedly toys with reality (especially with armin's nightly exploits), it ends with a literal, almost moralizing head-scratcher that seems to halt questions to a "story" that does little but put it's viewer in a state of pointlessly exhausted perplexion.<br /><br />without any color, it's impossible to shade anything vital in.a by-the-numbers exorcism exercise with a disappointing non-allegiance and usage of the term 'blackwater.' the cinematography appears right out of basic cable mow land which removes any semblance of swampy, murky atmosphere from the proceedings. in addition, there's not nearly enough gore, sex or attractive young things to satiate the majority of the film's targeted viewers. that being said, the lead actress who plays the possessed has a sexy olive-skinned presence. what else needs to be said about this non-winner? don't rent unless you've got a thing for middle-aged adults bemoaning their past and rants with clichã©d priests, shrinks, hispanic stablemen all regretting their past actions.unless you're interested in seeing 2 hours worth of scenic mountain footage featuring hysterical characters, lots of histrionics and cheap 70s gore (not much of it either), i would advise to avoid this movie. it is long winded, overlong and has a rather annoying amateurish feel to it. masterpiece? no, an average thriller, shot in an average fashion, in a gorgeous italian landscape. <br /><br />i'm a huge fan of slow paced 1970 movies, when there is a plot to delight and entertain you. in this case, it didn't work out for me. the plot is trite, interlaced with superficial and stereotypical characters, backed by hilarious angry mobs and your typical italian widow dressed all in black, sobbing.<br /><br />if you are not acquainted and familiar with the italy country side, the movie might be worth seeing as the scenery itself is spectacular and rather breathtaking. this movie isn't however, nothing out of the ordinary, there are much better italian horror flicks than this. not much else than a yawn fest. 5/10while this movie did have a few scary moments (great use of music and film angles to build suspense), it's obvious director ethan wiley and scriptwriter ellary eddy didn't waste any time researching their subject matter; which also makes me question their claim that the exorcism scenes were overseen by a genuine catholic bishop.<br /><br />amongst the many inconsistencies: <br /><br />* jacob the roman catholic priest, when we first meet him outside the church, is wearing an academic robe over his clericals rather than the typical alb, chasuble or surplice. academic robes are commonly worn by protestant ministers in liturgical denominations, not roman catholic priests. <br /><br />* jacob the priest quotes some obscure and disturbing scripture about the angels taking up weapons. he attributes it to st. paul. this verse is not from st. paul's writings, neither is it in the bible. i can't even find it in the gnostic scriptures. <br /><br />* jacob tells his bishop he doesn't believe in demon possession and turns down the request to study exorcism but does a complete 180 (later that same day?) within minutes of talking to possessed isabelle. sure, it's possible; but a little unrealistic. see father damien as a priest/psychologist in the original the exorcist for a bit more realistic portrayal of a skeptic-turned-believer. <br /><br />* miguel, the former priest turned farmhand, is the first to try an exorcism on isabelle. he quotes scripture, and she quotes back. he says "i see you know psalm 65" - she corrects him "that's psalm 67" - they're both wrong. <br /><br />* miguel, the former priest who just got done performing an exorcism - making the sign of the cross, calling on the name of christ, applying holy water, etc. - tells jacob he doesn't believe in church and he doesn't believe in god. (maybe he's just conflicted?) jacob enlists him to put on home-made vestments and have another go at it anyway. <br /><br />* miguel, the former roman catholic priest, crosses himself backwards (or eastern orthodox-style). as an hispanic roman catholic who used to be a priest, he should've crossed himself forehead to sternum, left-side to right side of chest.<br /><br />i had to read into the little side stories to get the notion satan was messing with the whole family, not just isabelle; but even in the end it was hard to say for sure if anyone was really guilty of the images in their heads or if it was all demonic trickery (except for the sheriff - it's pretty clear he was guilty).<br /><br />on the positive side: isabelle was creepy - in my opinion she was the best part of the whole movie and i liked the plot twist with claire.<br /><br />i'm just not sure if the movie was meant to be serious or a spoof.<br /><br />listening to the running commentary with cameron daddo and ethan wiley, i'm inclined to believe it was a joke.blackwater valley exorcism is a movie about a possessed young girl. do i need to describe any more of the plot to you? the exorcist and the exorcism of emily rose are two terrific terrifying movies. classics (imo). blackwater valley exorcism (bve) is not. not by a long shot. it's certainly not as terrible as a low budget copy of the exorcist could have been. from start to finish it has the feel of a "made for sci-fi channel" production. it's one of those movies that will probably be spoofed and ridiculed on mystery science theater 3000 (or a similar show).<br /><br />the make up and effects were absolutely laughable. the acting was horrendously bad. there was not a single performance that didn't lead to me rolling my eyes or giggling. oh, except maybe for jeffery (re-animator) combs as the sheriff. the script wasn't that terrible but it certainly wasn't anything special.<br /><br />it seems like through most of the movie everyone is more focused on who is sleeping with who than they are with the demon possessed girl in the other room. oh, there was something i learned from this movie. apparently if your teenage daughter is possessed by a demon then all you have to do is lock them in the room. c'mon. and if your daughter is possessed don't worry too much because all it does it make them talk in funny voices, eat rabbits, try to stare you down, and put fog machines in their bed. other than that there is nothing to worry about. apparently she was possessed with a low budget d-list demon.<br /><br />there was none of the ghastly deeds done by a-list demons like crucifix intercourse, painful body distortions, or even projectile vomiting.<br /><br />totally laughable movie. not worth even a discount rental.<br /><br />2 out of 10.this movie just seemed to lack direction. the plot developed so many twists in such a short amount of time that it seemed to lose any semblance of what the true storyline was. there was a lot of wasted dialogue and just seemed like the writing was rushed and a little too wandering. the exorcism scenes and possession story began to take a back seat to the character's back stories (which were a little weak to begin with).<br /><br />all in all, i would say skip it unless you have rented out the rest of the horror section at your local video store and you have a jones for a movie you haven't seen before. you're much better off just watching the exorcist or the exorcism of emily rose.let me tell you something...this movie exceeds all of the troma laugh and gore movies hands down as it actually tries to come across as a serious movie. from the terrible acting... "i knew it, i knew she was possessed!"...to the priest accepting sexual favors and getting into showers with naked teenagers...this piece of dung takes the cake. i am at a loss trying to compare this to another movie equally as bad. this may just be in a class all its own. the kicker is that supposedly some cardinal oversaw production to make sure it was true to the actual situation. i did not know that people from backwoods usa act like utter imbeciles. i am not sure if i am upset for renting it or have stumbled across a jewel of comedy. this was a very guilty pleasure...so awful that i watched with hands over my eyes half the time (while i wasn't laughing so hard i was crying). the ending simply made no sense whatsoever, pulling the whole thing together perfectly. if you want to watch something so awful its funny, here is your movie. if you want a scary movie on exorcism....move on.while watching blackwater valley exorcism, i encountered scenarios and dialog so incredibly bad that i was convinced that this was supposed to be a comedy. a few choice bits of dialog worthy of a belly laugh: "i ate a rabbit." "i told you she was possessed!" "are you telling me the devil is in my daughter?!"<br /><br />there are many, many more, but you must discover these for yourself - if you dare.<br /><br />the story goes off into all sorts of directions and things happen that probably shouldn't and everyone seems to be a perv or psycho of some sort (even the priest). and i haven't even gotten to the bad acting. most notable in this area is the fellow playing isabelle's father. the director must have just told him to act like he's got a stick up his @$$ because that's the general impression one gets.<br /><br />i don't really want to steer anyone away from blackwater valley exorcism because there is entertainment value to be had...for all the wrong reasons, but if you're looking for a decent horror movie that makes sense and is actually scary...well, run don't walk.as the metaphoric flies fled this steaming watery stool of a film i found myself longing to join them.<br /><br />from the opening sentences, you quickly gather that the actors are talentless. the script editor was probably dead and the director should be. to be honest i didn't manage to finish this film because about twenty dismal minutes in the sight of the main actress scuttling across the floor like a shetland pony that has been shot in the ass was too much for me to stomach.<br /><br />i have never, and i mean never, seen a film as sweaty as this one and i watch tons of crap films.<br /><br />turd.blackwater valley exorcism is set on a small town ranch where teenager isabelle (kristin erickson) is found wandering around covered in dog's blood. her parents ely (randy colton) & blanche (leslie fleming-mitchell) own the ranch & are deeply worried about their daughter, recently she has not been herself & is considered a danger to herself & other's. ranch hand & ex-priest miguel (del zamora) recognises isabelle's symptoms as a possible case of possession & when she starts to speak ancient latin in a strange voice he becomes convinced of it. blanche calls priest jacob (cameron daddo) who is her other daughter claire's (madison taylor) ex husband to see isabelle, he confirms miguel's suspicions & accepts the job of performing the exorcism that will hopefully banish the demon inside isabelle & an innocent girl free...<br /><br />directed by ethan wiley i was sat there in my house in front of my telly watching blackwater valley exorcism & i kept asking the same question over & over again, why do i do it. why do i keep sitting through all these awful low budget horror films that look like they were shot on a camcorder? right lets honest about this, blackwater valley exorcism is a complete total & utter unashamed rip-off of the exorcist (1973) & you literally tick off the major plot points that the two share. there's the possessed teenage girl who starts to get very horny & suggest inappropriate things, the demon that uses past misdemeanour's against other's, the worried parents, the way that the possessed girl is shunned by doctor's, the priest with a troubled past & the possessed girl is tied to her bed amongst other things. i suppose where blackwater valley exorcism is different (other than it's total crap) is that it tries to give all the character's some screen time & tries to get across how the situation is affecting them but it's so badly written & acted it just ends up being boring. the film starts with isabelle already possessed so we never knew what she was like as a normal person so we never really care about her or what is happening to her either, the rest of the character's are poorly written & fleshed out. at times i wondered whether blackwater valley exorcism was a spoof, there's a silly scene in which a vet tries to sedate the possessed isabelle with horse tranquilisers & after he states that she needs a 'little prick' he enters her room with a huge needle hidden behind his back! there are a few scenes in which people are punched accompanied by a silly comedy sound effect. the film has an uneven tone as a result as it goes between silly spoof & serious horror drama, or it did in my opinion at least.<br /><br />according to some text before the opening credits blackwater valley exorcism was based on 'actual events', yeah right actual events from 1973 that happened in a film called the exorcist... this piece of text also states that the exorcism scenes were supervised by a real priest. there isn't even any decent gore or exploitation to liven things up, there's a scene of a cut arm, there's a dead dog, someone is stabbed with a crucifix & that's about it. there's surprisingly no bad language in it either despite the demon trying to be offencive. i would imagine the only reason blackwater valley exorcism has an adult rating is because of one very brief scene in which a pair of breast's are seen. one pair of naked female breast's is not worth the time watching this or the money you might spend on it. there is zero scares, no atmosphere & a really amateurish feel to the whole film too.<br /><br />with a supposed budget of about $1,000,000 i must say that i am wondering where all the money went, the film looks ugly & cheap throughout. there are no special effects to speak of & the production values are rock bottom. the acting is very poor from all involved, genre favourite jeffrey combs gets near top billing during the opening credits but has nothing more than a cameo in what amounts to about five minutes of screen time. even he must have feared how bad this was going to be has he hides behind a moustache & a terrible accent, he is better than this.<br /><br />blackwater valley exorcism is a complete rip-off of the exorcist without anything that made that film such a classic & the makers are thirty five years too late anyway. a total turkey from start to finish.this movie had very few moments of real drama. after the opening minutes the film descended in a spiral that didn't quite take us to hell and back - viewing was pure purgatory to say the least. the acting was more horrendous than the subject matter of the film and at times i couldn't stop laughing. the continuity between some of the scenes was dire - characters disappeared from scenes without explanation only to be replaced by other characters who minutes earlier had been some where else. surely this was a spoof of the exorcist. the collection plate at the church must have been full of copper the day mr russo signed up for this one. do i speak latin? et tu brutus.i have to agree with the previous reviewer. although the kristin erikson did a great job of playing the possessed girl, i seriously don't think that isabelle, the character she was playing, was possessed. i have seen people have psychotic breaks due to sexual abuse, and they never made it clear whether or not the father had actually abused her or not. i also had to watch some parts of it over again, to make it clear as to what the letter said, what the characters' names were, and i'm still not clear on a few things that happened, whether they were real or not. i'm trying to find the "original" story that it was based on, to compare facts, but i can't seem to find anything about it online.<br /><br />it wasn't a bad movie, but some of the dialogue was incredibly cheesy. special effects wise, the movie wasn't bad for a grade b, pretty much, and those possession scenes made it all worth while... that is, if you have nothing better to do. loleven worse then the incredibly boring "the exorcism of emily rose". it started off decently, and right up until the mom said to the dad, "see i knew she was possessed", in an i told you so voice. it was a terrible line, spoken badly and it foreshadowed the rapid demise of this amazingly bad movie. every family member has an issue from the past with the priest. the dad starts to accuse everyone of either liking his wife, or actually having an affair with her, culminating with him killing his buddy, then himself in the obvious instant lucidity after he realizes his friend hadn't slept with his wife after all. people are dying, others are coming under possession, and by this point most viewers don't even care anymore. except for their employee miguel, none of the characters in this movie was actually likable, making it hard to care, about any of them. the acting was terrible and the writing even worse. glad i saw it for free; although i feel that for a movie this bad someone owes me money for the time i lost.the plot seemed to be interesting, but this film is a great dissapointment. bad actors, a camera moving like in the hands of an amateur. if there was c-movies, this would be a perfect example. a plus for a nice dvd cover though and a great looking female actor.ok, i normally don't add comments on movies, but i finally watched a movie that was so utterly full of bullsh*t and riddled with incompetence that i just had to warn people about. blackwater valley exorcist is loosely about a wife-beating/pederast/priest and this podunk family of horse freaks, and to make a long story short the youngest daughter who was molested by the priest but in love with the hillbilly ranch hand gets possessed. along with a heroic god shunning mexican gardener who once participated in a exorcism, the wife-beating/ pederast/priest manage to save the day, but not before the possessing demon is able to jump over to a hooker who the town sheriff made blow him. all in all this movie is the biggest pile of useless (i could get very descriptive with this part but why waste my energy on this movie)sh*t i've ever seen. any and all persons associated with the making of this movie should be sterilized so that they cannot pollute the earth with their useless spawn.a girl named isobel becomes possessed by a demon. the local priest (who formerly dated isobel's sister) must try to save her, but the bigger problems are with the family's suspicions of each other rather than the demon in their daughter.<br /><br />this film is directed by ethan wiley, the writer of "house" and the writer/director of "house ii". i loved the first film and liked the second one even better, so you would think this would be a winner. alas, this one looks like it was thrown together by first-year film students. dawson leery could have done better. i have thought about blaming new writer ellary eddy, especially because the idea is hardly original (are they trying to cash in on the fans of "the exorcism of emily rose"?), but wiley should have been able to do his magic.<br /><br />also, you'd like to think veteran horror stars jeffrey combs and james russo would help this film. russo (playing the bishop) barely shows up, and combs has a great role as a sheriff... for the five minutes he's on screen (but i love the mustache). so, no help here.<br /><br />after seeing "the exorcist", all other exorcism films must be compared to the classic by default, no? and the demonic possession in this film was not scary in the least. no head-spinning or paranormal activity at all. just a girl with a deep voice and runny makeup. all the "demonic" stuff was centered around the father accusing everyone of sleeping with his wife. as another reviewer wrote, "you get a lot of isobel bouncing on her bed like it's a trampoline, hiding in her closet, and jumping from a hay-loft. yeah, it's chuck e. cheese gone wild." that sadly sums up the extent of the "evil" in this movie.<br /><br />if you want to watch a movie about family members who invent accusations and yell at each other while the possessed daughter sits in another room off-camera, this is the movie for you. but, if you don't mind my saying so, you have a horrible taste in film if this is what you're seeking.<br /><br />the plot seems to focus on the father accusing a cowboy of sleeping with his wife (who didn't, but did sleep with his daughter) and of the veterinarian of sleeping with his wife (who might have, but denies it). and then you have a gardener who attacks the possessed girl with a crucifix and tells the family to call an exorcist, but once the priest arrives the gardener declares he does not believe in god. what was all the bible-quoting you were doing five minutes ago?<br /><br />a horrible exorcism movie. horribler examples of what combs and russo are capable of. and such a sad display of directing after the "house" series of films became classic. i would like to pretend wiley had no part in making this shamefully derivative and unoriginal, uninspired film. the power of christ compels you to avoid this movie as if viewing it were a cardinal sin.this movie was probably one of the worst movies i've seen in a very long time. a friend of mine grabbed it off the shelf at the video rental store, and all but forced me to watch it, an action we both deeply regret. ehh... where to start? the writing, the acting, the quality? all of it, sucked. <br /><br />quite possibly some of the worst writing ever displayed in a movie. the dialog was worse than i thought it could ever be in the movies. blatant dialog, such as "how ya doing?"..."not that great, doc" (directly after an attempted exorcism of a man's daughter and then his wife's attempted suicide. of course he's not that great.) was, at some points, kind of funny. if not horribly written, planned out, and obvious. the general plot of the movie, the writing and the way it worked, horrible. it was like the writers could come up with nothing better to do then write a bunch of crappy dialog and throw in as many sex and nudity scenes as they randomly could. the only almost good sex scene (between the preacher and the tattooed & peirced girl) was filmed with such poor quality that it looked more like a cheap porno than a feature film. oh yeah, and they never actually got the deed done.<br /><br />the acting? horrible. x100. i think the only good actor was the short spanish guy who played miguel, del zamora. and his part was written horribly. the worst acting? arguably paul kappellas, whose acting combined with shitty music, a gun, and a half naked bluish white girl running around in the woods made the movie almost unbearable to sit through. he even screwed up his own death scene, one that should have been easy to nail. although, most everybody else's acting was horrible as well.<br /><br />the lack of characters also added to the overall suck level of the movie. there were just enough characters so that almost half of the characters died, that same amount of people became possessed at one point, and then the remaining characters couldn't be counted on one hand. like... 50 thumbs down.<br /><br />p.s. what is it with the climax of exorcism movies happening in a stable, anyways?i'm not sure if this is a comedy or not, but i found it pretty comical. isobel is possessed by the devil. somehow a perverted priest and the gardener are gonna' fix that. part exorcism and part soap opera, you'll at least get some laughs. there's the paranoid jealous dad, satanic sister, valley of the dolls mother, and then the cowboy boyfriend; all there to help the skirt chasing priest fight the demons from dear isobel. it sometimes felt like a jerry springer episode, but i actually paid to see this. instead of the cool head-twisting, sailor cursing, and crucifix humping that regan did in the exorcist; you get a lot of isobel bouncing on her bed like it's a trampoline, hiding in her closet, and jumping from a hay-loft. yeah, it's chuck e. cheese gone wild. so, if you want to watch a quote unquote horror film that is worth a few laughs while you wait for the predictable ending ... this is your movie.the movie started very well..so far isabelle's exorcism could be believed....but later, gosh!!! i didn't know if it was a horror movie, a drama one or a must not see one! the possessed creature attacking the sheriff had no connection at all with the movie....the make up!! well it looked pretty real at beginning, but at the end, last part of movie, the make up (especially teeth and eyes) was very exaggerated. if you want a good "exorcism" movie watch "the exorcism of emily rose".<br /><br />together with "hard candy" (totally boring, pathetic plot and ending), these two movies are the worst i've seen from lionsgate!! but well the movie company has given horror movie fans excellent films, but with this one, you will wish you never rent it!! exorcism movie fans, just stay with two "the exorcist" and "emily rose's exorcism"i just rented blackwater valley exorcism because the cover and pictures looked terrifying, and i don't normally watch movies that are automatically released onto dvd, but this looked so interesting and scary! i was very much in the mood for a good scary film and to me, possession is one of the scariest subjects to watch or learn about. just look at the exorcist or the exorcism of emily rose, both terrific movies that made break-throughs not only horror wise, but story as well.<br /><br />blackwater valley exorcism is about a girl, isabelle, who from the get go is automatically possessed, so we can't even tell what kind of a person she was to begin with. but a former wife beater turned priest is on the case with a gardener...? i know... i know. then they go into several other stories with the priest and isabella's sister, and the priest hit the sister and messed around with isabelle? i'm not sure, then we get into a story with isabelle's dad and his questioning of his wife's faithfulness to him.<br /><br />i mean, the story just goes into too many directions and wasn't well developed at all. not to mention that the exorcism didn't seem authentic at all and more of a just scare your pants off type of a film, which i didn't like at all because i couldn't take it seriously. whoever directed and wrote this clearly had no idea where to go or how to direct the story well, so i wouldn't really recommend this.<br /><br />2/10documentaries about fans are always mishmashes, and never worth seeing through, but i found this one, made by some of the fans themselves, more than usually unenlightening. as a veteran of the original tolkien craze, forty years ago, i'd hoped for more than the obvious--which doesn't always equate to the true. if there's anyone living who doesn't already know the nature of a fandom, any fandom, from having been or known a fan, he won't discover it here. between irrelevancies, platitudes (to which the actors from the films are particularly prone), and acting out (by fans making the most--if not the best--of their one shot at fame), i could glean little of the special appeal of lotr, the special emotional responses it evokes, and the range of the special creative forms those responses can take. in addition, the film is rather lazy: it slights some facts that could have been got across with little effort, e.g. what the exact legal loophole was (the wording of a copyright notice) that permitted the books' unauthorized publication in the u.s. (speaking of which: i take strong exception to the film's dismissal of the covers on that edition as "irrelevant" and "psychedelic," which they were not. they were the work of jack gaughan, a very able sf illustrator of the period, and some fans, including me, found them more apt, and more attractive, than the covers on the rival set.)dante would of been mortified, if he knew that his masterpiece was being acted out puppets!!! also the actors who played the puppets are sell outs. due to the fact that playing a puppet is not acting it is just basically doing nothing. no one really will care who the puppet was. people only care who played a major role in like an actual movie. this is just annoying how you could mock such an amazing man and his belief, by this dumb little movie. this should be a crime and.... i cant believe you would ruin a book like that. i thought the movie was absolutely ridiculous and should be destroyed!!!! it totally ruins what your suppose to be getting from reading it. your just making it a big joke.this demented left-wing wipe-out trivializes dante's great work, distorts the genius of the author out of all recognition, inserts hateful ideology, incompetent satire and moronic political commentary in every imaginable place, and itself deserves a place in the eighth circle, tenth bolgia with the rest of the falsifiers. sandow birk has reserved himself a spot next to it.<br /><br />stocking hell with republican political figures, fox news helicopters and christian conservatives is a work of literary sacrilege, to say nothing of extreme liberal bias. it is, however, unoriginal, tedious and trite. nothing in birk's unworthy and heretical revision is in the least relevant to the original text or is in any way entertaining, humorous or enlightening, despite his smug pretension to the contrary. <br /><br />i could have eaten a reel of video tape and puked a better movie. i regret the two hours of my life that i lost watching this insult to the very concept of poetry. calliope will weep forever.i was surprised to discover michael moore or bill maher wasn't involved with this "movie". an american leftist laundry list of axes to grind, with a distinct sparseness of democrats in hell. mao zedong and karl marx didn't make an appearance in hell, but ronald reagan is in the same room with hitler? perhaps we'll have to wait for these california spin doctors to butcher paradiso for them to show all of their pet ideologue political figures.<br /><br />cheap shots at religion, right-wing politicians, corporations and their lobbyists, fox news, even suvs. all the radical leftist talking points were too completely covered - while conspicuously omitting references to wrongdoing from the "other side of the aisle" - to not have been a conscious effort. the singular exception i noticed, in the hour and a half, is jfk has to have sex with marilyn monroe for eternity: the token inclusion in these propaganda pieces in a pathetic attempt at appearing non-partisan.made it through the first half an hour and deserved a medal for getting that far. lots of excuses for scantily clad women but no real plot to speak of emerged in that time. what sounded like a good idea for a movie was badly executed.too bad this movie isn't. while "nemesis game" is mildly entertaining, i found it hard to suspend my disbelief the whole length of the movie, especially the situations that sara was putting herself into. are we supposed to believe that:<br /><br />1) this hot chick is going to go slumming unarmed around abandoned buildings and dark subway tunnels in the middle of the night just to solve some riddles?<br /><br />2) the protagonists are supposedly such experts that they play riddle games for fun, but don't put the whole "i never sinned" riddle together until the very end...and then...and then...get this...she has to do the whole mirror thing to finally put the pieces together?? i know it was the filmmaker's device to show the audience what was going on, but do they really think we're that stupid?<br /><br />3) when vern and sara go to the chez m to question the blonde, there is not one topless chick in the whole building. nada. c'mon. i know it's canada, but i would expect more from a country that gave us shannon tweed.<br /><br />and anyone else notice that when vern was surfing the web and found that riddlezone site, that when he moused over the link the cursor stayed an arrow, and didn't turn into a little hand (like all cursors do when you click on a hyperlink)?!? i mean, if you're gonna have the internet play such a prominent role in your movie, at least get the little things right. geez.a group of young filmmakers with virtually no budget set out to make something clever and original -- and while there is a bit of originality and some skilled drawing in this slacker puppet show take on "dante's inferno," there is nothing especially clever. dante's "divine comedy" was a brilliant piece of social commentary. this film is a vaguely moralistic student film with pretensions to high art.<br /><br />i suspect those who loved this film were those readily amused by the sophomoric pokes at some icons of the political and/or religious right, and that those who hated it took offense at seeing their favored icons poked. be that as it may, few of those pokes actually rose to the level of satire.<br /><br />the high point of the movie is a sudden outbreak of "schoolhouse rock" on the subject of lobbying and the "revolving door." it's really a shame that the entire film couldn't have been a musical. that would have stripped away a great deal of the annoying film school pretentiousness and added a far stronger element of fun.kubrick may have been the greatest director of all times. he may have made more classics than anyone else. he may have been a perfectionist. but man, was his first attempt ever bad!<br /><br />kubrick had good reason to try to make this film dissappear from the map: it looks like an ed wood film. it has strange narration, cheap shots, bad dialogue, ominous music reminiscent of your 50s sci-fi/horror flick, and what looks like relatives of the cast of "reefer madness" going insane for no reason.<br /><br />sure, you can see an undeveloped kubrick in there. it is a psychological/horror study of war. the characters became dehumanized and insane. there are people playing more than one role. there are constant shots of the faces and particular facial expressions of different people. and there are a few interesting shots around there. but really, this is a mess.<br /><br />of course, i am not discouraging you from watching it. if you get a hold of it, you are joining a select group of myself and a few thousand people world wide who have had access to it.fear and desire is of interest mainly to kubrick obsessives, who can plumb this pretentious clap trap for signs of his still-to-come greatness. kubrick was right in seeking to ensure that the film was not screened or available on legitimate video. he considered it embarrassing and amateurish, and he was correct in his evaluation. this is a weak and tedious film--at 68 minutes it still seems longer than "barry lyndon"!--it nevertheless is of historical interest, and has its genuine absorbing moments. it's a difficult film to find (only "unofficial" copies are in circulation), though perhaps this may change if kubrick's estate relents and has it released on video. recommended only for kubrick enthusiasts.stanley kubrick, a director who i hold in the highest of esteems for his masterpieces (clockwork orange, 2001, the killing, the shining, dr. strangelove, etc) took the film out of circulation, leaving it to be found by only the hardcore fans and completists. after seeing the film for myself, i could see why. at the age of 24, kubrick had already honed his craft of still photography for look magazine, and had done a few short documentaries. like many first-time filmmakers that came in the decades after him, his ambition for fear and desire was, in short, to just go and make a film, cheaply, more than likely to see if he could do it. on that level, he was successful. however, the film itself definitely is not.<br /><br />i can't really say that the film is a failure because there was something i did like about it throughout. even as the film's story went on the wayside, and the actors (whom kubrick didn't have any idea how to direct, not being a man of the theater), his knack for producing and capturing some great images gets its seeds in this film. at times, there are some shots of close-ups and quick-shots in suspense/action scenes that are eye-catching. unfortunately, this is all the good i can really say of the film. although there are a couple of 'name' actors in the film (frank slivera, who also appeared in killer's kiss, and paul mazursky, a director in his own right), the performances overall are dull and very routine.<br /><br />in fact, that is the film's main demise for me; whenever i watch any kubrick film, even his early film noirs killer's kiss and the killing, i can tell who made it, as his style by then became distinct, which would continue as he evolved as an artist. it wasn't 'artsy' like i might have pictured (which is usually the case with first-time directors like scorsese and spielberg), but watching this film not only did it feel like it wasn't kubrick, it felt like a lot of the time i was watching some b (or even c) grade movie by a director that time forgot- not quite 'ed wood' bad, but close. the music is as standard as can be, the fades are pedestrian, and the plot seems to not really hold that much attention.<br /><br />in short, as others have said and which i can agree, this is a "doodle pad" of a future ground-breaker, who shows some shots and a few edits that grab some attention (the best scene overall being when the soldiers take the dumb girl hostage), but not enough to really recommend except to those, like myself, who end up seeing everything by kubrick (or, perhaps, have to see every ultra-low budget war film ever made), if only out of curiosity.this sickly sweet and laboriously paced 5-reeler is definitely not among harold lloyd's better films. gags are sparse and mostly uninspired. saccharine melodrama is abundant. the setup takes forever, as lloyd, the unconventional, but impossibly kindly, country doctor makes his rounds, bringing a little sunshine into the lives of children, the elderly, and puppies. it's like a 1922 version of patch adams. ugh. 4/10.it's another variation on the oft-told tale of two people getting married and having to share their brood of kids. with six you get egg roll is directed by howard morris (from television) and it shows, because it's the kind of tale that plays like a half-hour situation comedy padded out to feature film length--but with a scarcity of laughs, or to put it differently, only the number of laughs that would have been possible within the half-hour limits of a tv show.<br /><br />doris day decided to call it quits after this film--and it's rather easy to see why. even the presence of some fairly reliable actors in the cast doesn't help. brian keith, barbara hershey, pat carroll and alice ghostley do their best, but the script is the real problem and should have been left untouched for the big screen.<br /><br />nothing much can be said in favor of it. skip it and see miss day in any number of her more worthwhile films.and obviously i didn't see it! <br /><br />but looking at the cast and seeing that doug masters is back from the dead, i know now to avoid this like the plague! i hate it when hollywood, producers, writers, directors or all of the above think that audiences are stupid that they're not going to catch continuity errors. a supposedly dead doug masters returning is a big giant one, won't you say?<br /><br />and i can't believe that someone like louis gossett, jr. would return for something like that.<br /><br />did jason gedrick really decline this? well, i hate to say it, but even if he took the role again, it would have still had that same continuity error. i bet (if he really turned it down), he must have been incredulous seeing that his character died in the second film.<br /><br />i'll probably catch it by accident on a late night air on some channel, but no way am i going to rent this or buy the dvd!louis gossett jr returns to the well one more time as chappy sinclair who goes to doug masters (played by jason cadieux who is in for jason gedrick who wisely declined) to teach a new band of recruits however this time they discover corrupt air force pilots who deal in toxic waste. this is a series that just keeps getting worse with each subsequent entry, this one however doesn't have any of the zip or even the action to make this even worth seeing on cable. iron eagle iv is directed with such indifference that the dogfights come off as if we were watching a playstation 2 game played by two lobotomized teenagers. it is horrendous to watch and gossett jr who has made his share of turkeys seems to have bottomed out here. and i saw cover-up, firewalker, aces:iron eagle iii, toy soldiers and jaws 3d. what is mysterious about louis gossett jr is that he seems to be like christopher walken in his quest to do anything as long as he's working. as i look at his post oscar win. some of his better movies include iron eagle, the punisher and the principal. considering that the latter two movies have him co-starring with dolph lundgren and james belushi it is indeed something to say that three guilty pleasure action flicks are in the running for his better work. of course enemy mine and diggstown remain his best post-oscar win work.<br /><br />* out of 4-(bad)whomever thought of having sequels to iron eagle must be shot. in this case once was enough. iron eagle was a good movie to watch. even though it is unrealistic, it is still entertaining. iron eagle ii has a senseless plot and can be used to as a cure to insomnia. i didn't even bother to watch iron eagle iii, but from looking at the r rating, i assume it's more violent than the past 2 movies. well, iron eagle iv is probably the most inane sequel. lou gossett jr. returns as the always delightful "chappy" sinclair. another jason returns to fill the role of doug masters (canadian jason cadieux, who looks just like jason gedrick from the first iron eagle). but wait(here comes a possible spoiler).....wasn't doug killed in iron eagle ii? the writers must've been desprate for a story so they revived doug masters by saying he was a prisoner of the russians. this movie was the cheapest done of all the iron eagle films. why do movie makers find it neccessary to make sequels to unappealing movies? (ex. police academy movies). i have always liked gossett jr.'s work in these films. he was the only one holding this turkey together. let's hope this was the last of the iron eagle sequels. let it rest in peace.this is a slick little movie well worth your time to find and see.<br /><br />it really speaks to all those mundane choices we all make every day and (like an h.g. welles story i can't quite recall) may live to want back.<br /><br />keep in mind that this is a short (very short). it starts out slowly but just as you begin to think it has become boring =bang= it's over. and, believe me, the 'punch line' is one you will remember.<br /><br />i'm not sure if the producers are going to make it available for purchase - or available on the web but either way you'd be happy you took the time to get hold of a copy - of that i am sure.where do i begin, its one of the most frustrating movies i've seen because it makes a lot of sense in terms of the point but it comes off as seriously stupid. a movie about a ghost inhabited bed?? the first 2 minutes of the movie shows a black and white flashback of a weird looking fat dude going dominatrix on a fabienne from pulp fiction lookalike contest winner and strangles her with his tie. this is supposed to set up how the bed factors into the story. still though, if you wanted an opening to keep people interested or send them away early, having a strangulation is the way to do it. fast forward to the present day, a married couple moves into an apartment with a friendly landlord and begins unpacking their things, so far everything's normal. then one night while doing the hippity dippity on a single mattress, they realize they need a bed frame. this is where things get fishy, why didn't they bring or buy a g*d damn bed frame before they got there? we learn that the door leading to the attic where the first 2 minutes took place doesn't open but then once the couple realizes they need a bed frame, the door magically opens. they go up to the attic and discover the old bed frame and decide to bring it downstairs and their lovemaking days are saved...or so they thought. the rest of the movie centers around the both of them being haunted by the bedframe. the female is an artist so she starts drawing up the ghoulish images she dreams about and the male is a photographer so he starts having his models act as if they're bring tortured or tied up.(one of which has gray hair and appears over 50 years old, yuck) the female grows increasingly scared and she discovers the house she lives in was once a haven for serial killings and murders which bring about the end to the movie. they find the friendly landlord murdered (which makes no sense since ghosts need to take a human form to kill) and decide to get the hell out of dodge. while packing up, the husband moronically goes up into the attic where he is possessed by the crazy fat dude and the female bashes his skull in before the cops show up and take her to a mental ward where she kills some dude trying to hit on her.<br /><br />well if you've read this far you have to be thinking one thing.......why the hell didn't they just throw the bedframe out the window???? seriously, they never said anything about the actual house being haunted, just the bed....so why not get rid of the damn thing and move on? that's why the movie is so frustrating because it actually is a good plot and the actors follow suit accordingly but there are more holes in it than sonny corleone at a toll booth. the couple did try to leave town as upposed to every other movie that has the ol "oh lets give this place a chance honey" scheme going, so props to that. still though, me and my buddy who watched the movie kept saying every 5 minutes....why didn't they just throw the bed out? especially once they learned it was haunted would have been a good time to set it on fire or something.<br /><br />all in all its a near-watchable movie with plenty of porno like bed scenes and a believable plot (to an extent) but the solution is so simple you're scratching your head by the end of the movie wondering how stupid can the married couple be? the highlight of the movie is when the husband tells the 50 year old model to spread her legs and his assistant tells him that he can't shoot her like that.<br /><br />4 out of 10 (a low budget porno the man show would love)are you kidding me? the music was so loud in this show i could often not even hear the dialog. and the music was nothing great. anyone know what jake's mother said when he walked in the door??? and the mushroom cloud looked pretty close to have so little instant devastation. anyone research the effects of nuclear fallout before writing this one. i felt like a bunch of sit com actors were sent on location and didn't know what to do with dramatic dialog. and what does a kansas teen know about shopping in soho....couldn't we have had a better line here? was bored to tears and only kept awake by the jarring blare of the over-mixed way to loud music.a family (a teenage boy, his mother and a stepdad), sick of city life, decides to move to the mountains to get away from it all and have a fresh start. however, their idyll is shattered by three brothers and their domineering father, who don't take kindly to newcomers on their patch. while having objects thrown through their window and being threatened in the street is just the start, the youth decides to make things even worse by having a relationship with the terrible trio's sister. with the law unwilling to do anything about it and the violence escalating rapidly, the lad decides to take matters into his own hands..<br /><br />veering wildly between hilarity and nastiness, this is one of the oddest exploitation movies ever made. at first, you can have a chuckle at some of the hammy acting and ludicrous dialogue given to the characters, especially the overwrought bad guys. but then, you get completely unnecessary scenes like a mother being raped while her son is forced to watch, or the thug's sister getting herself beaten up by her siblings for daring to sleep with our young hero. in fact, the whole view of women in the movie, which seems to be that they're pathetic creatures who scream a lot and can't defend themselves, is pretty despicable. but of course, there's the obligatory nude scene, which this time involves a young lady diving into a pool bra-less under a very thin t-shirt. who cares about plot consistency when you have some willing young starlets ready to shed her togs. right?!<br /><br />the climax centres on the teenager, who up until now hasn't been able to sneeze without jumping, suddenly morphing into a rambo clone and blowing off his assailants left, right and centre to save his stepfather who is being held hostage by the gang. it's completely implausible but hey, so is everything else in this film.. so at least you can't accuse it of not being consistent. so, rather than attempting to find logic in a place where the word doesn't exist, check out the imdb pages for janet laine green, dehl berti, stephen hunter, jonathan crombie.. etc. notice a pattern emerging here? their careers all hit dead ends. why? sit through this, and all will become clear. remember kids, if you want to get ahead in this business, hire a decent agent and always read the scripts they offer you. please.. 3/10olivia d'abo in a wet t-shirt is the only thing this movie has going for it. other than that, this canadian production about a man taking out a vicious band of hillbillies is not worth anybody's time. the writing is bad, the acting is poor and the direction is sub-standard.lonesome jim is kind of like a romantic dark comedy about a dysfunctional family whose two boys are total losers. both boys around 30, living at home, with absolutely nothing going for them. i live in the midwest and i can't name one family like this. i picked it up because i kind of like buscemi acting humor. now i realize i need to have a counteracting agent to that humor to make it work. the acting and camera work and editing was fine. the first 15 minutes got you set, and the last 15 minutes helped prevent the film from being totally depressing jerry springer trailer trash type of story. the female members of my family were begging me to turn it off, but i prevailed under the premise that there had to be a turning point near the end, and we watched the entire movie. the male family members, as expected, simply walked out after the first 30 minutes.i was attracted to this film by its offbeat, low-key, 'real life' story line. that is, a twenty-something guy flops in the big apple and comes back home to live with his parents and even more floppy brother. it just might have worked but there's a problem. and that problem's name is casey affleck. <br /><br />casey affleck is nearly catatonic in this film. his acting mantra must be "exert as little effort as possible at all times". or "why speak when you can mutter?" or maybe "put yourself into a coma as soon as the camera rolls". lips moving when speaking? barely. facial expressions? none. muscles in face? atrophied. something? nothing. anything? zip.the only time i seem to trawl through imdb comments is when i've seen a duff film. i guess i'm looking to find reassurance that it's not just me. for me, then, lonesome jim was a duff film packed with unbelievable characters in unbelievable situations which limped on lamely and boringly towards a cop-out hackneyed conclusion. so i check out what other people have to say and feel a bit like jim, out on a limb, alienated, as page after page of multiple star ratings and plaudits leave me doubting my critical faculties. yet maybe i should check the settings for the comments presentation, since after a while the gushing dies down and i'm relieved to see appreciations that mirror my own. i feel vindicated. it is a rubbish film, it doesn't hang together and it does constitute a wasted evening sitting through it. praise be to kindred spirits.whilst this is most definitely a well crafted piece of film-making, it's thoroughly without any entertainment value whatsoever.<br /><br />if you're depressed already, this film will send you over the edge.<br /><br />if you're feeling somewhat depressed, this film will be just one more thing in your life to feel bitter about. you'll feel that it's just your luck to have chosen to watch a movie that turns out to be a complete waste of time.<br /><br />otherwise you might be able to make it through this film unscathed (i didn't, btw), safe in the knowledge that your life is so much better than jim's. then again you might consider that you have been fooling yourself, and that are in fact in a much worse situation than you'd previously realized. you might feel a bit annoyed at jim for bringing this to your attention. you may want to slap him around a bit with a wet fish. <br /><br />the sad truth is, much as i wanted to like this movie... i hated it. it took rather a long miserable road down the path of oblivion and then suddenly, for no reason whatsoever, looked back at itself and then stopped.<br /><br />jim does not have an epiphany, at least not one that is conveyed on screen. jim has a miserable life and a miserable set of options. he discovers nothing that one can relate to and fails to make any significant progress on his journey of self-discovery. <br /><br />of course no-one alive could write a happy ending to this movie. as others have said it's no hollywood tale, it's gritty and it's real. it's well made. life is quite a struggle at times. if anyone were to know "the answer", they do well to shout it from the rooftops.<br /><br />still, i feel cheated because this movie pretends to have something to say. you feel that it's going to say something, that if you just suffer through a little more of it, it'll have something to say. it'll make you stop and think. <br /><br />it doesn't.<br /><br />again, i do submit that this is a well crafted film. and therefore may be of value to a film student with a penchant for e.g. lighting techniques of the use of colour palettes. <br /><br />for the rest of us, it's utterly miss-able.i like steve buscemi. i like his work very much, both as an actor and a director. you could say that i am -into- steve buscemi. a steve buscemi freak. i lurv steve buscemi.<br /><br />i remember when i first saw buscemi's full length directorial debut, "trees lounge." i enjoyed the movie, although it wasn't as good as it could have been. it was -almost- there. it -almost- scratched that itch, the itch of wanting to see "small" movies about "small" people in "small" bars that are in "small" towns. it was close enough to where i would say that it was a very good movie - one that with a few tweaks could have been great. but that's ok. i like the movie and i've watched it more than once.<br /><br />but this review is not about trees lounge. it's about "lonesome jim." when i saw the description of the movie and then i saw who's movie it was, i was excited at the prospect of finally seeing the movie that i knew that trees lounge could have been. but what i actually experienced was not unlike that of leaving one of those smalltown bars with a belly full of cheap whiskey and an armful of cheap floozy, heading back to your apartment with a mushy brain full of exciting prospects that inevitably disintegrate into the reality of alcohol-induced impotence and headspinning regurgitation.<br /><br />in other words, this movie left me flat and unrequited and sorry that i wasted the time and the money that it took me to get to that state - the film equivalent of waking up next to that cheap floozy the next morning, or if you happen to be the floozy, waking up next to that stinking and farting and unshaven imbecile. the film had all of the substance of a stale white bread sandwich (with store brand white bread, no less) and the emotion of a cadaver. i am not sure what the point of this film was, and since it was supposed to have some sort of a point and was not an exercise in abstract surrealism that can get by without one then this lack of a point is a sin of omission. sorta like those new cars that don't come with ashtrays anymore although there are millions of people who smoke and buy new cars (i'm not one of them, but hey, i can sympathize). overall it was a boring film about boring people doing boring things and had none of the grit and believability that can carry and save such a film. i mean, trees lounge was about boring people doing boring things, but it was interesting. <br /><br />i blame a lot of this on affleck. why do people keep casting these affleck turds? they suck the life out of anything that they are connected with. one affleck was in one decent film (and wasn't even the reason why the film was decent) and all of the sudden every butthole named affleck is stinking up as many films as they possibly can. and liv tyler is no better. being the daughter of a rock star does not necessarily make an actress. she is as lifeless as affleck. these people simply do not rise from the flat page of the script. people pay to see films and they deserve to see actors and actresses with a bit of charisma - these two duds together don't have the spark of the old guy who hands out shopping carts at wal mart. i always thought that steve buscemi was the type of guy who would rise above this type of pablum, but oh steve you let us down. this film makes me want to stuff you into another wood chipper.i am sitting here writing this review and the movie's not even over yet. in fact, i just checked, and there are 45 more minutes to go. but no matter, there's no need to see it through to the end. i'll just write this review and laugh as the film plays in the background and stumbles onward to some kind of presumably horrible conclusion which i don't care to ever see or know.<br /><br />what accounts for my hostility to this movie? the characters are not believable. the plot is not believable. the pretentiousness of the movie is sickening. basically, every element of the movie rings false. buscemi obviously thought he had something to add to the dozens of movies which have already explored the well-worn themes of dysfunctional families and the apparent meaninglessness of life. however, buscemi was badly mistaken, because this movie contains nothing new. it tries very hard to be depressing, but fortunately no one can really be depressed by it, because it's obvious that no people like this exist in the entire world.<br /><br />what is depressing however is the knowledge that somehow this film was voted several undeserved awards. disgusting!!!! bottom line: stay away from this worthless film at all costs."yesterday" as a movie, is hard to rate. the cinematography is excellent and deserves a 9/10. the story is gritty and real and does not compromise. but the translation of the story to the screen through the actors did not match the camera work.<br /><br />as a person who was born and raised in central africa, i appreciated the authenticity of the film's look and the honest depiction of daily life for the zulu. but this and the camera work are not enough to recommend the average viewer should see this film. it takes an appreciation of true cinema and not just a love of movies to see the purpose and strength of "yesterday". <br /><br />unlike the 1980 film "the gods must be crazy", which was a comic look at one african culture encountering modern technology, "yesterday" has no intention of appealing to any crossover audience. the movie simply is not fit for the common western mind - and i doubt it was intended for the western mind. the scenes are long and slow, the editing is not paced for a 60mph+ instant gratification world. the dialog is not cleaver or witty, it is real. movies about health crises do not make the best entertainment and this movie is not entertainment, it is education.<br /><br />this movie is best viewed by those who know, appreciate and love the way of life and the culture in sub-sarah africa. if you lack a broad enough world-view to understand other cultures, especially african cultures, should skip this film. do not waste you time with it. go see "talladega nights" or "larry the cable guy" instead for your cross culture viewing.<br /><br />i give it a 4 for most who might want to see the movie but have no accurate understanding of african cultures. for the viewers with an appreciation for films about the human experience anywhere in the world, i would give it a 7.i mistakenly thought this was the 70's art film about the bed that eats people, which sounded interesting. it isn't. interesting, i mean, let alone about a man-eating bed.<br /><br />i assume stuart gordon put his name on this in the same spirit that lloyd kaufman puts "troma" on just about anything that's been shot with a video camera, in the interest of building up a franchise library. little more can be said about this opus other than the running time is less than 90 minutes. it is, of course, about a bed that is haunted by the spirit of a man, or something, that once killed a woman with a wig and long false eyelashes. along the way we get **a five minute opening credit sequence (is the one for "lawrence of arabia" even as long?) **a murderer with marylin manson contacts who kills using the same technique as the troll in "cat's eye" **demonstrations of a sexual practice michael hutchence may have employed **a preview of what emilio estevez will soon look and act like **soft core porn even cinemax would pass on **manbutt and one topless scene **a wacky (or is it "whack"-ee?) ending involving unintentionally hilarious hammer hits and leftover strawberry pie (well, it looked that way to me) **and a rudimentary surprise ending apros pos of nothing much. it's like the screenwriter even fell asleep on the "deathbed" before finishing the last draft.<br /><br />it's not scary, it's not sexy, it's shot on hi-def video and doesn't look bad but doesn't look good either, the acting is just good enough to not be bad enough to be fun and so is everything else. no one would probably have even seen or heard of it unless it was on a disc with another movie, the modern day "double feature." i wasn't paying attention for parts of it so i may have missed something. but for some reason i doubt it. rating: passi'm pretty sure poe would have considered this a travesty. the first two stories are decent, nothing spectacular. and then there's toby dammit. what on earth was fellini thinking? it's a rambling, random, dull piece, with little to recommend it. one should feel frustrated at the lack of backstory or conclusion, but there's only relief that it's over.what is it about the french? first, they (apparently) like jerry lewis a lot more than the us does. second, they (seem) to like edgar allan poe's work more than just about anyone else does. it's got to be the "beaudelaire effect".<br /><br />don't get me wrong...i'm a poe fan myself. but this trilogy manages to make three of poe's below-average stories into...well, i'm not sure what they're made into.<br /><br />"toby dammit" is a fine fellini film, but it has nothing to do with poe's story, at least in terms of theme. it's enjoyable on the first viewing. terence stamp does a good job with an interesting role. however, it has nothing whatsoever to do with poe or spirits of the dead.<br /><br />"metzergenstein" is a big mess. how did vadim's films get produced? it's just awful...not even up to amateur film school standards. depending on the dvd menu you have, try to skip it and save your time.<br /><br />"william wilson" is actually the segment that is most faithful to poe's work. it does not have much style, though, even if it includes the strangest snowball fight i think that i have ever seen on film. (it looks like the boys are throwing tissues, or maybe handkerchiefs, that have been rolled up into balls.) <br /><br />my advice is to skip "metzergenstein", watch "william wilson", and then, if you're a fellini fan (i'm not) keep "toby dammit" on while you cook dinner or make a snack.it's reassuring to see that other imdb reviewers have had the good sense to pan this disappointing film, at the risk of blaspheming against the great vadim, malle and fellini.<br /><br />these directors may be talented & artistic in their own right; however in attempting to pass off this hodgepodge of attempted eroticism and 60s chic as *in any way* related to edgar allen poe's stories, they exposed themselves as frauds. either (a) they didn't bother to read the poe stories, or (b) they read them but were so transfixed by their own egotistical agenda that they didn't pay poe any mind.<br /><br />imagine if metallica plugged in their guitars, cranked the amps up to 11 and moshed out 3 chords claiming it to be beethoven's 9th symphony. that's the feeling you'll get after sitting through this film. if you're a vadim/malle/fellini fan (metallica), you'll dig it. if you're a beethoven fan (poe), you'll puke.<br /><br />metzergenstein...<br /><br />here we begin with a bizarre porno version of poe. ok, "porno" may be a bit extreme haha, but at the very least you have to call it a barbarella version (including, i don't doubt, some of jane's outfits coming directly from the set of that scifi romp). vadim falls into old clichã©s of his own: the girl lying on a bed being pleasured by some man whilst from the pillow-cam we see the apathy in her eyes; the general lassitude and ennui of a woman who finds no satisfaction in hedonism. cute stuff, but "metzergenstein" ain't the place for it. and in addition to the barbarella outfits and irrelevant erotic themes, jane fonda's awful american accent and unconvincing performance as a european countess made this the worst casting since julia roberts in that lousy version of dr. jekyll & mr. hyde.<br /><br />william wilson...<br /><br />here's a great poe story about the madness that claims a man when he realizes that he is no longer unique in the world. if you really want to see a fantastic visual interpretation of this theme, go watch star trek episode #27 "the alternative factor". but here, malle glazes over that central theme and instead focuses on... any guesses...? yup, eroticism, sadism and debauchery. ho hum. brigitte bardot's role is a complete fabrication to accomplish that end, and once again the director distorts a classic poe story into a masturbatory catharsis of his own unrequited sexual issues. do it on your own time, malle. i thought we're here on poe's dime.<br /><br />toby dammit....<br /><br />the absolute worst of the three and possibly the worst film i've seen since "staying alive". at least fellini showed some tact in changing the title, but his departure from the original plot, theme and humour of the story is so vast, i wonder if he just picked this reel out of his private collection of home movies, stamped "edgar allen poe story" on it and submitted it to this collection. i strained very hard to find any thread of familiarity with poe's works, but there was absolutely none.<br /><br />the original poe story ("never bet the devil your head") is a short and hilarious dark fable about a man who constantly exclaims "i'll bet the devil my head..." on a foggy morning, the devil takes him up on his offer. the result is the sickest and silliest thing you've ever read. this was poe, the comedian, at his finest (yes, poe wrote many comedies. also check out "a predicament" and "devil in the belfry" if you want a taste of his witty, satirical works).<br /><br />this fellini version? it's bland, soulless, and not funny at all (unless you consider it funny to see a drunk stumbling over himself for 45 minutes). here fellini's egotistical rant is about an artist struggling with the hypocrisy, pretense and mediocrity of cinema. most of it is set at an awards ceremony where fellini beats us over the head with sarcasm, cynicism and that classic "sour grapes" attitude that we find in all fellini films dealing with cinema. note the sarcastic jabs at "the critics", a recurring theme in fellini's films. for someone who considered himself above the critics, fellini sure spent a lot of time talking about them. at any rate, i feel like fellini just took some outtakes from 8 1/2, spliced them together and sold it as a poe story. worst "adaptation" ever.<br /><br />i think i put more effort into typing this review than any of the three directors put into making a poe movie.i saw this film in the movie theater. i was taking classes at the second city chicago and of course the buzz of this movie was intense. it is a woodward film about one of second city's native sons.<br /><br />everyone knew about johns history. everyone knew how he died. some even knew that the lore did not make him out to be particularly friendly towards women in improv or comedy.<br /><br />but hey. the man led his life and he was loved intensely by the people who were in his world, and lore also states that he treated all of his close friends with love and respect.<br /><br />this movie. well. forget the idea of poor michael chilklis (who is a really great actor) being in a really astonishingly bad film, and really only relegated to doing an impersonation of the man.<br /><br />forget the idea that they could not get the rights to any of belushi's work...and all the snl scenes never happened that they portrayed in the movie.<br /><br />screw the idea that half of the historical information in the film did not even follow bob woodwards work. kinda saying "okay...we are about to mess with belushi...now lets go after woodward too..." they also decided to take the premise of it's a wonderful life and turn it into it's a horrible life on crack.<br /><br />is he a guardian angel or the devil? is the pinball machine the devil's assistant electronic device...how many different endings can you tack onto to a movie? it is one of those movies after it is over...you look at the person you are with and in stunned disbelief go "what the hell was that?!" in some circles this movie has become a kinda cult classic. but for good reason.<br /><br />a good cult classic you sit around the screen and make fun of (or throw out snappy one liners) to the screen. a cult film is never good. and most people would never watch them in any serious context.<br /><br />if you want to watch some classic bad late 80's fair stoned? rent wired. if you want to know about john belushi...you can get more information off of the walls of second city chicago than this movie.this could have been a good biopic, but what a mess! i had this film when i was a theater manager. when i put the film together, and watched it, i thought i had some reels out of order. as it turned out i didn't, and if i did, nobody would have noticed. i couldn't figure out what's going on! everybody who walked out pretty much felt the same way!"wired" would have to rate as one of the ten worst films i have ever seen. the writing and direction show a stunning lack of imagination and i'm sure that most of the actors still cringe whenever anyone mentions this film.<br /><br />it fails to work either as a tribute to belushi's unique talent, or as an accurate account of his short life. <br /><br />a pointless mess with no redeeming features.this movie narrate the story of john belushi,based of his biography `wired' , wrote by bob woodward.all of movie is narrate on flashback without a chronological order , where after the death of john belushi we see one angel accompany belushi during few points of his life.michael chicklis in the character of john belushi is enough credible , but entirely devoid of the devastate force of belushi ,and his play stay only a pale animation.the director,on more,not succeed to give continuate on the story , that for who not knows the book is very confused. but the worse is that they have featured bob woodward that spoke with belushi before he died. for this negative points the movie is only a would-be attempt to narrate the controversial story of john belushi. my rate is 4.and i have seen a lot of films. i saw this in the theatre in 1989 and to this day i remember the sickening urge to walk out. if you like john belushi, respect his talent, or even the sanctity of the cinema-- this film has nothing to offer you. it is mostly a pathetic showcase for the writer of belushi's biography, bob woodward. as we see the progression of belushi's life pass on the screen, woodward actually shows up in the film like a ghost character. the most offensive scene occurs when belushi is dying, looks up from his deathbed to see the author standing above him and he weakly utters "breathe for me, woodward." there are too many terrible things to mention them all, the least of which is the opening that has belushi jumping out of his body bag in the morgue and getting into a taxi driven by a guy named "angel." i'll leave it at that.journalist bob woodward's blistering, scattershot and sometimes suspect account of actor john belushi's rise and fall becomes a wholly misjudged movie, a nebulous "fantasy" directed by larry peerce as if he were doing something edgy and vital. michael chiklis (years before his breakthrough on "the shield") is put in the unenviable position of portraying belushi, taking a post-mortem trip through his life, recreating those "saturday night live" skits which are now part of tv history. it's like watching someone try to out-lucy lucille ball--it can't be done. the reason why there was such sorrow at belushi's death was because he was one of a kind. chiklis makes a commendable attempt at looking the part, and he's funny in an early scene trying to escape from the morgue. still, it's an uphill venture and no actor--no matter how talented--could have saved it. * from ****any film school student could made a film 1,000 times better than piece of garbage. as someone who had read the book, i expected even a straight re-telling of the book would make this a fair film. there was a chance that a talented director could go beyond woodward's narrative and make a great film.<br /><br />well the director did go beyond woodward's narrative. he added a hip hispanic angel named velasquez that was not in the book. he had bob woodward interview the dead belushi in an exchange in the morgue. the film had all the insight of someone stoned on pcp staring at his navel.<br /><br />if this is a spoiler to you, you will thank me for it because it is absolutely the worst movie ever made.rented this one by mistake thinking it was another film with the same title, and realizing that i had rented it some time before.<br /><br />quick plot line. a couple consisting of an artist and photographer rent a studio apartment in los angeles from joe estevez, still cursing the fact his brother martin sheen could actually act! they find a bed in a forgotten room, but the bed is haunted by a nasty looking serial killer from the 1930's and his last victim. their ghosts inhabit the couple, first enhancing their sex life, but eventually becoming more menacing.<br /><br />what ensues is cheap r-rated sex scenes, cheaper thrills and kind of a waste of time.after seeing the dvd release of the blues brothers, and their mention of "wired" on belushi's bio, my boyfriend and i were hungry for more information on john belushi. i had heard of "wired" but didn't know too much about it and found it way in the back of the local rental store. i understand that dan akroyd was really p***ed over this movie and i thought it was because it didn't portray them in a good light. but that had nothing to do with it.<br /><br />the movie starts out okay, until they wheel in john's body to the morgue. when he wakes up on the autopsy table, and decides to run for it, then begins the utter tastelessness of this movie. john is subjected to viewing his life and all of the turmoil he created with "angel," a puerto rican cab driver with a wicked sense of humor -- subjecting him to criticism and attempting to try to get him to cross over.<br /><br />the two actors who portray john and dan look nothing even remotely close to the real actors, (let alone anyone else related for that matter, i.e., lorne michaels,) making it difficult to really try to concentrate on them and how they were in real life... but that is the tip of the iceberg.<br /><br />i believe this was supposed to be an "artsy" film -- john constantly being tormented by drugs (i.e., the powdered soap in the bathroom being cocaine,) in such a way that was also difficult to follow. the flashbacks are choppy, also making it difficult to understand.<br /><br />probably the most tasteless scene was when john is (literally,) forced to undergo his autopsy and is in pain while they remove his heart to weigh it, saying that it was abnormally large due to drug use, obesity, yeah, we get the point without the grotesque portrayal.<br /><br />there are very few other actors we know of in the movie, (where's carrie fisher for instance? they were incredibly close. and jim belushi would have been a great person to show,) it looks very cheaply made, (we felt it looked as if the graphics were from the early 80s or late 70s,) it felt as if it was filmed in about a week and all in all, didn't show the side to john at all. i felt i knew a little bit more about him from watching episodes of saturday night live.<br /><br />on one last note, bob woodward comes across narcissistic by placing himself in the movie, arguing with john about writing his life story. for someone who was supposed to be very highbrow, concerning the bust on nixon, his calibur of person could match any writer in the national enquirer, and therefore losing my interest in any of his work from this point forward.<br /><br />skip this movie. if you want to see more on john, watch his movies, see clips of dan akroyd talking about him or hope someone has the taste to make another movie on john that goes along the lines of "man on the moon," which is ultimately what we were expecting. i guess this was a "moral" kind of movie -- you know, don't do drugs, but i guess the creators of this film didn't understand that his death made a number of people (like carrie fisher,) stop doing drugs altogether for that reason.plodding, maybe that should have been the title. bad dialogue delivered at a snail's pace. all the characters are single dimension with the exception of one. unfortunately, that character has some of the worst lines and does not seem to fit into this clichã© ridden two- hour drag. having grown up in the seventies, this film is seriously lacking in detail, atmosphere and authenticity. surprisingly, this was produced by kelsey grammar, someone who should recognize sharp dialogue and a consistent narrative in a script. cameron richardson is about the only element that lights up this film. robin trower's music is also a welcomed addition.i saw this on a screener dvd a couple months before it was released.<br /><br />i liked the main characters and the overall story but some scenes are pretty sloppy and confusing. the sets were fitting but a few just looked like left overs from freaks & geeks or reminded me of a cell phone commercial shot in a middle class home. definitely not what the dvd cover claims, "destined to be the next stoner classic", hardly.<br /><br />wardrobe and hairstyles are done well and yes, there are some really pretty girls in this, always nice to see a good looking cast.<br /><br />almost every scene contained guitar that just droned on and on. sound design was a bit poor. i think less would have been best.when i think of a 1970s-period film, this is not what i think of. i don't want a monotonous, one-song robin trower soundtrack; i want a soundtrack punctuated with the top-40 bubblegum songs of the day that epitomized the '70s. the generic karaoke-style disco music during the prom scene was especially annoying. the acting (if you can call it that) was very wooden, and seemed just read from script in monotone. the film quality and camera work was horrid; the dialog murky, the script seemed thrown together without much thought and the plot was thin if not nonexistent. i can't believe people are giving it the high ratings i've read here. basically a forgettable, poor attempt at recreating a beloved era of the past. two stars is all i can come up with. sorry, guys.i disagree in calling this a stoner movie just because weed also makes an appearance. i can't imagine this as even approaching "stoner classic." that would be like calling singles a "grunge film." the movie definitely plods along with a murky plot. at times i wondered if the script had either been dropped and shuffled or if they lost it entirely and just tried to wing it. watching this movie reminded me of watching children play-acting and making the story up as they go along.<br /><br />the characters are wooden, the dialog is taxed, and the whole story seems to be completely disconnected. who got killed? when? what? and this is how you act when your friend overdoses? complete lack of emotion and utter disconnect from reality.<br /><br />as for the droning guitar soundtrack that accompanies each scene: enough! it was like watching the opening menu screen where the same track loops endlessly in the background, neither moving forward or back.<br /><br />i kept watching and hoping that the plot would somehow fall in to order, the acting and dialog would improve or something, somehow would focus this mess in to a coherent movie. after 112 minutes, it never happened.the acting made you feel like you were watching a kindergarten play. the story is full of holes and gaps and skips around so you have no idea as to what just happened. half the scenes are pointless. there is not an inkling of character development. the score/soundtrack consists of about three songs one in particular is played in about 70% of the scenes. i'm glad i only rented the movie yet i still feel cheated. avoid this movie at all costs unless you want to see some decent actors give horrible performances. it seems like the bulk of the budget was spent on putting a few name brand actors in this less than bad film. this movie is equivalent to visiting a strip club, it tries to get you excited and interested but just as you think something is going to happen your thrown into some unrelated scene and left trying to figure out how you arrived there.the recent dvd release of good humor man labels the film as comedy. it's hardly a comedy, rather a dull indie film about a group of losers. supposedly set in the 70s, there is scant attention paid to period details, with overly muted color correction taking its place. the monotonous soundtrack only serves to accentuate the repetitiveness of the film (perhaps that is the point, but it does not add to the enjoyment of the viewing experience.) apprarently the clique of losers only like to hang out at one location, the bleachers. it seems like the packaging of the film as a comedy is meant to deceive people into renting or buying this film, which is a complete waste of time.have you ever read a book, then seen the movie, and wonder-how did they screw it up so bad? this is one of those. the book by huffaker, "nobody likes a drunken indian" was great, riotously funny...this movie is not. it seems as though nobody cared enough to move the direction along so we cared about the characters. this movie, which touches on some real concerns about indians, makes you wonder why we haven't seen more comedies about the holocaust, or slavery. not well done.similar story line, done many times before, and this was no improvement.<br /><br />15 minutes into this, and you should pretty much be able to turn it off - the ending was deja vu all over again.<br /><br />the only morals i could see out of this are: - stupidity + criminals do not equal success - if he screwed you before, he's gonna do it againin the mid 1800s, irishman dennis hopper (as daniel morgan) emigrates to australia, seeking a share of the continent's gold. instead, mr. hopper finds himself branded, and thrown in a torturous prison; there, he is gang-raped. upon release, hopper hooks up with aborigine david gulpilil (as billy), with whom he seeks revenge upon sadistic bill hunter (as sergeant smith), jack thompson (as detective mainwaring), and others. eventually, vengeance becomes heroism; hopper is admired and assisted by the common people, and hunted by corrupt and powerful authorities. hopper's "scarcely human" performance certainly fits the disjointed feel of the film. mr. gulpilil heads up a strong supporting cast. the personnel involved in "mad dog morgan" make it not only worth a look, but also a huge disappointment. <br /><br />*** mad dog morgan (1976) philippe mora ~ dennis hopper, david gulpilil, bill hunterkaren and her boyfriend jerry move into their new los angeles apartment.they discover an old brass bed that karen takes a liking to,unfortunately it has a really sinister history involving kinky sex murders."deathbed" tries to be a creepy supernatural tale,but fails miserably.the action is slow,the acting is nothing special and there is no suspense whatsoever.even the sex scenes are lame.the climax is pretty gory and violent,so fans of splatter should be pleased.however the first hour of "deathbed" is deadly dull and offers some tired horror movie conventions and cheap scares.definitely one to avoid.my rating: 4 out of 10 and that's being generous.watch "re-animator" or "castle freak" instead.this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen. there is not a shred of historical accuracy, in fact reality is reversed. just one example: morgan preyed on the few ethnic chinese he encountered. the acting is over the top, the script is a poorly written lie. i have never seen worse fake beards.<br /><br />hopper arrived in australia and reportedly only would make the film if the script was totally rewritten so he could be a hero. since the script was ten made up on the fly, the may explain how bad it is and how disjointed the movie is.<br /><br />any movie about ned kelly is a lot better than this film.the recent release of "mad dog morgan" on troma dvd is disappointing.this appears to be a censored print for television viewing. some of the more violent scenes have been edited and portions of the colorful language have been removed. anyone who viewed the film uncut will be mad as hell at this toxic dvd version. "mad dog morgan" deserves to be released on dvd in the original theatrical cut. however, even as released on dvd, the film is still one of the better depictions of bushranger life in nineteenth century australia. after having toured the old melbourne gaol, with death masks of convicts on display, it is "mad dog morgan" that comes to mind.now out of all the shark movies i've seen, this one takes the cake! the plot of the movie was good, but the excitement factor sort of took a nosedive afterwards. antonio sobato, jr. does an excellent role as a son who seeks the shark who killed his father. a megaldon is one of the biggest sharks of all and the most dangerous one as well. the view of the shark was indeed scary in some angles, but the effects were a blur, and the scenes were a little weak in some places. with the mini-sub's weapons there, that would take out a whole school of sharks there. it was great that the son would get the exact revenge on that monstrosity, although it would indeed cost him his life as well. like they say revenge has it's price, but was it worth it? that answer could go on and on, and this movie was a major letdown. the beginning was fine, and at the end, it went like the titanic. 1 out of 5 stars!this could have been good,but sadly,its too inplausible,anthony sabato jr has a grudge...please!i wanted to like it,love shark movies ,someone should have asked my opinion before they wrote this.ha!ha! the shark is cool but the story lacks...alot!this is one of the worst movies ever there is a scene where they are supposed to be underwater and they are literally walking on land and they added bubbles! the shark is boring and is just this big slow computer generated silly thing. antonio sabato is horrible, i mean even worse than normal. how does this guy work? the directing is the worst and there is nothing redeemable in the entire films. i love shark movies and this one just disappoints. i've seen this studios movies before and everything they do has some star on their way down doing bad work. i'd rather see an unknown actor who cares about making a good story.a really awful movie about a 30 meters long shark. bad story bad discussions bad characters bad plot even a confusing ending a complete. a waist of time in my point of view i thought it was a tv movie, but then i saw it was not i cant imagine having paid to see this load of crap please avoid this movie at any cost. even if u liked jaws, which i averagely did, don't see it even if you have interests in paleontology, don't see it even if you like corny movies with corny actors, corny plots during corny tv time, do humanity a favor and do not, i repeat, do not pollute your mind with this ridiculous excuse for a sci-fi animal thriller still, some people gave it a ten ranting... don't know if they were serious or not (but sincerely expect they weren't)hey what a great idea to open a film - show someone`s home movie . drama schools must be full of idiots ! , there they are taking drama lessons hoping to become the next big thing in hollywood when all you have to do is send a home movie to a studio . hey i think i`ll send in the video of my wedding and call it the greatest romance ever seen or send in a tape of my honeymoon and call it the greatest sex ever seen . oh hold on i`m not married and i`ve never been on honeymoon ! not to worry i`ll send in a video of someone elses wedding/honeymoon <br /><br />!!!!! mild spoilers !!!!!<br /><br />you`d think with an opening like that shark hunter could only improve wouldn`t you ? as shocking as it may seem the home movie is the best directed , best written and best acted part of the film , alas it`s all downhill from here as the family go to sea ( in reality a fog shrouded swimming pool ) in a three foot yacht where mom and dad get eaten by a cgi fin and their son spencer swears revenge against the fin . cut forward to the present day and the french are using an underwater research base for oil exploration . only thing is - and it`s so obvious you can`t fail to notice this - it`s not filmed underwater !!! , the director hasn`t made any attempt whatsoever to even use the unconvincing technique of shooting the scene through a fish tank . the underwater research base is blown up by the shark ( maybe it`s hired by greenpeace ? ) killing everyone inside and spencer now a grown man is hired to hunt down the shark that killed his parents and a bunch of frenchmen . what else happens ? no idea because i decided to watch something else <br /><br />no hard feelings if any of the cast and crew are reading this and i do hope matt codd becomes a big fish in hollywood . you think you know about sharks matt ? you ain`t seen nothing yeti was enticed into watching shark hunter by the comments posted on imdb. the movie was bad but the shark was cool blah blah blah. so i rented it. bad idea. this movie was bad on so many levels that i'm glad that i had the option to fast forward. the shark itself is ok. it's appearance is decent and it is the only thing saving this movie from getting a 1, (i gave it a 2). the acting is incredibly bad and the dialogue is just as deplorable. i wasn't expecting much but i was continually surprised by this suckfest. antonio sabato jr. is some kind of biologist or scientist or something, i wasn't really paying attention. he goes down with the expendable crew of this submarine to find out what happened to this underwater station that the shark took out of course. by the way, all the scenes that show someone working underwater are not underwater. first of all, if they are just going down to find out what happened to this station, what's with all the huge tranquilizer darts and the harpoons and stuff. are these things that you normally carry with you when investigating a accident. the shark theory was advanced by antonio while on the way so it not like they went in knowing what they were up against. antonio and this young college student, horrible actress by the way, just jump to the controls of the sub when the sub is in trouble. what is with that? unless everyone is getting some kind of sub training before leaving high school i find this a little silly. the director seems to think that if crew members are working in the background then it is a good idea to put someone welding in the background. metal crafting is very important when your on a sub i guess. anyway i could go on but i've said too much already. bottom line: go to your local video store, rent this video and then destroy it. then send email asking imdb to remove all record of this movie from their site. all memory and evidence of this movie must be destroyed. we can do it if we work together.at last, a film to rival 'el padrino' and 'darkness falls' in terms of sheer and utter dullness. this is actually the first film i've ever given 1 out of 10 for on imdb, and with good reason.<br /><br />for one, the cast is nothing special. that's usually not a problem for me except that the only character that's in anyways interesting or different from all the rest is grand l. bush's harrington. secondly, the production values a substandard - television sci-fi such as 'stargate' has more convincing sets, and all of the underwater scenes not handled by the sfx teams are filmed on dry sets with 'falling particles' that aren't very convincing. this film is literally 'drydocked'. the worst part though is that this film is boring. for the first 45 minutes, i felt as if we were going round and round in circles: "it's a prehistoric shark." "bullsh*t." "no really." "bullsh*t." "i'm not making this up." "bullsh*t." "there it is now!" "i didn't see anything." "let me guess?" "yup. bullsh*t." after then it picks up ever so slightly for about twenty minutes or so. then we're back to the dialog run-around. dialog is not a bad thing, but that's all this film has. characters talking. that too, is not a bad thing, except this film isn't very good at it. the dialog is often contrived and clichã©d, and is not very interesting to listen to. i don't see any point slandering the special effects; this film has worse qualities.<br /><br />the sets are small and unrealistic. the acting is sub-par. the script - oh lord, the script - is worse than a garbage of sci-fi television has to dredge up. it makes you wonder where the budget of this film is or was.<br /><br />yet another awful, awful addition to the 'megaloadon' (there's about four) series of films. bring on steve alten, please...the plot of this movie revolves around this submarine builder who's a real bastard and he wants to launch his new sub that can travel thousands of feet deep. unfortunately, he can't. oh yeah, and he's haunted by the memories of his mom and dad getting eaten by a megalodon when he was a child. the guy meets some scientist whos pretty hot, and they and this crew of about a hundred people set out on the main character's submarine to kill the same megalodon that killed his parents.now, the shark in this movie is a really fake looking cgi shark. basically this is sorta like shark attack 3, except more depressing. if you don't get what i mean, listen. the film's opening credits show "home movies" of the main character when he was a child with his parents before they got killed, and there's really sad and depressing piano music playing in the background. you would expect to see a shark or something, and you do. a brief shadow of the cgi shark floats around every few seconds but that's just it. also, i don't remember one happy facial expression at all throughout the film's entire runtime, a majority of the film takes place in the dark depths of the abyss, where the story gets even more dull, and all the characters (the shark too) die in the end. i was thinking sabato would manage to kill the shark and manage to save himself and the girl, but no, they all die, and the film ends with the shark, all blown up, and the submarine (with sabato's crushed and burned body in it) sinking into the abyss. if you're a happy person and you don't enjoy being depressed, then avoid this movie. if you're the opposite, then congratulations, you found your movie.i saw this movie previewed before something else i rented a while back...and it looked decent. i've seen some good stuff from full moon video, and thought it was worth a shot... unfortunately, this was not good stuff.<br /><br />the story is about a possessed bed. a couple moves into a new apartment, discovers the bed, and odd things start happening. odd things like the woman discovers kinky sex. and the man discovers kinky sex. and the woman draws pictures of kinky sex. and the man photographs kinky sex. and they both start having dreams about dead people having kinky sex. you'd think a movie with so much kinky sex would be good, right?<br /><br />well.... no. the problem is that this is supposed to be a scary movie, or at least a thriller, and it just doesn't deliver. there is little tension, no suspense, and no fear. aside from some troubling dreams and visions, there really isn't anything for this couple to be worried about. the whole movie is basically the two of them having these visions and playing around in bed. sure, you get a monster fight at the end...and some bloodshed...but nothing spectacular... there's only one murder, and one good scare, and that's it.<br /><br />and the kinky sex? don't get your hopes up (or anything else for that matter). their idea of kinky sex is woman on top, fully clothed, trying to strangle her mate with a necktie. not exactly my idea of a good time.i'm not really sure where to begin. from start to finish, bad, stinky bad, like stepping into a port-a-john on a 100 degree day. if you force yourself to watch this as i did, keep some vicodin handy for the pain. i will never understand how flicks this bad make it past the cutting room without the entire reel ending up on the floor. the movie is a cross between gumby rides pokey, meets the terminator, meets wally beaver playing cowboys and indians without the cowboys. i've seen better animation in the original cut of the blob. you will get more entertainment from watching gone with the wind while suffering from the puke and poops. bad acting and hokey lines will have you squirming and wishing you had rented peewee's big top or watched every episode of gilligan's island back to back. ugh..i'm going to go slit my wrist now.i thought i could see something good but... i am tired after seeing this movie, i don't know what i hated the most: the script, the acting, the fx or the music. try to picture the worst power rangers episode and would still be to kind. i've seen better fx in fps games( the touch with the bone sword or his breath that is making the people disappear in a green smoke is touch of genius) and the music seems to come from a spaghetti western. i did liked how the women in the car was screaming, when the "monster" was walking around the car (even if she's looking in the wrong way). so give your self a break and don't watch this thing, at least call somebody up to see a horror movie with you, trust me you will end up playing monopoly for some kicks.sci-fi channel thinks this is sci-fi; it's a shame. big bugs, snakes, mythical beasties, on and on, they persist.<br /><br />some one at universal had the brains to include battlestar galactica (the new, good one) and firefly for a brief moment in their line up. i know they know they difference between total garbage and extremely high quality sci-fi.<br /><br />a few years back they were on about how they were going all high and mighty, making productions that were not just for us mere, lame-o trekkies. thanks so much, sci-fi! you know, you make movies so bad, even trekkies won't watch them, so you achieved your goal! fire serpent, ice spiders, manticore, larva etc.and a vast unrelenting crap-storm later, and they're still churning out just faster than the latest flu virus! how they do it is beyond my ken. why they do it, i just don't know. how they can ignore these reviews, comments, blogs and e-mails, i don't know either, but it's clear they don't think much of their audience or care about our opinions! they seem to think this is what sci-fi fans want! you would think one or two good productions with some sense would creep through when whoever green lights this junk is on vacation. at least they're employing the collection of misfit toys; many of the sci-fi movie of the week actors were in science fiction shows once and now need the cash. love you folks, and hope you get some better work!sorry, after watching the credits, i thought this would at least be a decent homage to retiring sf actors.<br /><br />boy was i wrong.<br /><br />the direction and story telling in this pos are terrible. i have never been so insulted by a production.<br /><br />i have great respect and love for many of the actors in this "film" but have to say they were conned.<br /><br />if you haven't seen this debacle yet, do yourself a favor and stay away. these are not only two hours you won't get back, but they will also ruin your respect for some actors you may once have enjoyed.i knew five minutes after the monster made his appearance where his was going. but when i saw the beginning credits, i said "oh my god, bruce boxlightner, walter koenig (from star trek). gil gerard (from buck rogers, and he's almost unrecognizable), then i saw john callahan who used to star on my favorite soap, all my childen. put on a few pounds but he can still act. then there was veronica hamill. too bad i didn't sick around to see her in the film. i bailed out 20 minutes into he film. it was that bad. never did see william katt (from perry mason, and the greates american hero).<br /><br />all these stars and one lousy film. i hope hey got their paycheck.<br /><br />bad bad badthis movie was beyond awful, it was a pimple on the a*s of the movie industry. i know that every movie can't be a hit or for that matter even average, but the responsible parties that got together for this epic dud, should have been able to see that they had a ticking time bomb on their hands. i can't help but think that the cast would get together in between scenes and console each other for being in such a massive heap of dung. i can hear it now, "you getting' paid?" "nope, you?" i understand that this flick was more than likely made on a shoe string budget but even with that taken into account, it still could've been better. you wait for the appearance of a monster/creature and when you finally see it, it's a big yawn.i'm so mad at myself for spending a 1.07 on this stinker!!!i used to think that it couldn't get worse that "army of the dead" but this load of crap makes the afore mentioned movie look like "the godfather"!! the special effects are horrible (makes the original nintendo graphics look like hdtv). when it comes the acting, put it this way, i went to a play with my 6 year old niece in it and she gave an oscar worthy performance, when compared to these d-list (and that's being kind about it) actors and actresses. so basically, if i had a gun to my head and head to chose between watching this movie again or chopping my own arm off with a dull knife, that's a tough choice!! you know what, who needs two arms anyways??if you're like me and you occasionally enjoy watching terrible movies (i guess it's kind of like slowing down at a car crash), you can't do better than this! the plot is inane, the special effects are hilarious and the acting is some of the worst you'll ever see! 4 thumbs down! wooohoooooooo!!! seriously, i have no idea how the director and the "actors" can sleep at night! it's painful, and yet hysterically funny, to watch and i highly recommend it for those who want to punish themselves for something. if you can watch this crap without wincing, you're a better man than i'll ever be! i wonder if the producer of this garbage had any idea what he was getting himself (and his money) into!a great cast, a fantastic cgi monster and a brilliant script. if this film had had any of those things then it might not have been amongst the worst films i've ever wasted an hour and a half on. infinite chimpanzees with infinite typewriters have not yet written the complete works of shakespeare but along the way this has appeared in their waste-paper bin and somehow it got made into a movie. you can tell the the actors regret signing those contracts with every word they mutter directly into camera. the cgi is amateurish in the extreme and they might have created more tension of the cast had been attacked with the sinclair spectrum it was created on. i wanted to like this film, it has nice cameo appearances by gil gerard and walter koenig so i expected a fun horror movie that didn't take itself too seriously. it actually does try to take itself seriously but is about as much fun as trip to the dentist. do yourself a favour. don't watch this movie, you'll only encourage them to make more.as other posters have commented this was a very very bad movie (keeping it kid friendly) fx was low class, they should of spent the $1 on a coke. as is typical with these d movies most victims die and leave a mystery except for one lucky soul and of course the lead. hope the money was worth it for boxleitner, really really big step down from babylon 5. nice to see what happened to buck rogers but damn this was low even for him. ' it was so bad and on the older actors you could even seem to tell that they thought it was bad also. don't watch.<br /><br />*****warning spoiler below****<br /><br />this thing chased down everyone it was after and yet boxlietner got away... that was pure bs. and the ending? how in the hell did the kids end up right there with him? that was just too much stupidity.the twilight zone has achieved a certain mythology about it--much like star trek. that's because there are many devoted lovers of the show that no matter what think every episode was a winner. they are the ones who score each individual show a 10 and cannot objectively evaluate the show. because of this, a while back i reviewed all the original star trek episodes (the good and the bad) because the overall ratings and reviews were just too positive. now, it's time to do the same for the twilight zone.<br /><br />now i was very surprised when i saw reviews for this bland episode that described it as being "among the best" and gave it scores of 10. if this is the case, then why is it that everyone i know who has seen this episode hates it as much as i do? it's possible that me and my family and friends are all cranks but it's also possible this is yet another case of rabid fans rabidly inflating the rating on an average or below average episode.<br /><br />the episode itself stars william windom and others as various archetypes--a soldier, a dancer, etc. they are all stuck in a cylindrical room with no escape and only at the end do you realize the "shocking truth"--which isn't at all shocking and is in fact majorly lame. no, this is a badly written and unengaging episode. yes, there were plenty of episodes of the series that deserved a 10, but few as undeserving as this one due to a shallow script and an unappealing resolution.while trying to build a major mall or complex or something like that, a wealthy landowner ignores ancient native american artifacts buried on the land, and unleashes the bone eater...a creature who goes around and kills people in search of his fallen friends or something like that.<br /><br />indeed this movie had to be a sci-fi channel original. if it wasn't, then the director should never direct anything again. the effects in the film is laughable at best, and the bone eater monster is nothing but a cgi-animated being added into the frames at a later date. the actors don't even look all that frightened when they see the thing (probably because they really don't, and they're just terrible actors). it's a great comedy, though, even if it's supposed to be pure horror.i agree with all the comments posted so far: this movie was a waste of time and energy, for viewers as well as those who made it. terrible cgi, awful script, stupid plot and hey, the setting is alabama but it looks like california. but the worst thing has got to be the native american angle on this, which pulls in every stereotype you can think of, from the chief surrounded by smoke, the angry warrior, people speaking without using contractions ("do not do this thing!"), native american pipes playing in thin air, etc. it just shows such a lack of respect and understanding that i was tearing out my hair. a native american with any ounce of self-respect would have tossed their tv out the window at this trash. so in closing, i'd say this movie is pretty much an offense to everyone.construction workers disrupt the native american burial ground of a large, hulking skeletal monster which disintegrates it's victims with it's touch, breath, or bone sword! the head honcho over the resort project, krantz(jim storm)orders his construction crew to keep their skeletal findings secret for much would halt the continuing development if the nearby katona tribe caught wind that remains were being dug up and disturbed. an aging bruce boxleitner, likable as always, stars as half-breed sheriff evans trying to keep peace between the katonas and krantz's crew. the peace was strained, at best, but with that skeletal monster running rampant making it's victims vanish without a trace, soon krantz wants answers to why members of his crew are missing..evans begins losing citizens as well. evans is warned by katona chief storm cloud(michael horse)that an ancient demon, the bone eater, has been loosened and can only be stopped with a sacred war axe(..the axe was removed by a worker who found it's remains with the weapon lunged inside)now in the back seat of his daughter kelly's(clara bryant, who wears tight jeans and shirts to reveal how daddy's girl has grown into quite a striking lady)boyfriend's truck. evans must somehow defeat the demon if the killing will stop..and this must occur before the eclipse or it's power will become too strong for anyone to vanquish.<br /><br />a solid cast, floundering in an embarrassing horror outing. the cgi, isn't very good, although the monster could've been quite threatening if done with a better budget. it rides a horse made from dust chasing after it's prey, for petesake! some cameo appearances include buck rogers gil gerard as evan's deputy big jim, star trek's walter koenig as a coroner, & house's william katt, as a country doctor attending to the wounds of evan's deputy. none of these cameos last longer than one minute or so..sad, really. adoni maropis, impresses in an underwritten role as a brooding katona, johnny black hawk, who wishes to use the bone eater to drive the white man off his tribe's land. jennifer lee wiggins portrays kaya, a tasty dish of a katona female whose against black hawk's hatred for the white man and wishes for evans to follow his indian blood regarding putting an end to the bone eating monster. this might be worth sitting through if just to see boxleitner dressed in war paint and indian garb. i felt for the actor, to be honest, as bruce tries to keep a straight-face in such a terrible movie. in yet another over-worked and tiresome clichã©, bruce's sheriff has an estranged relationship with his daughter, whose 17, hot, and wanting to date the "bad boy"..although this winds up being an underwritten sub-plot as is most of the plot concerning the killing skeleton and many of the poorly developed characters.bad, bad, and did i mention bad? aside from the comical monster terrorizing the workers the funniest part of the movie was when surveyors are in the desert and one comments that they have an hour of daylight left, but you can clearly see by their shadows, and the bright sky, that it's probably only 2 or 2:30 in the afternoon. talk about consistency. read the script director!<br /><br />the only cool part of this movie, besides the rack on clara bryant of course (as another reviewer mentioned), is the phantom skeleton horse that the bone eater rides on. that thing was pretty cool as it chased the surveyors on their motorcycles.well i'd probably agree with all the bad comments about this movie cos honestly i thought it was such a piece of crap i mean the actors had done a terrible acting job and the script was all terrible. although the special effects wasn't a bit bad but i think the should have thought a lot harder than that. i mean how did clara bryant get successfully put into this film i mean she'd do a lot better if she looked a bit further and that goes the same with kristen honey, i mean her character dies and she doesn't bother to try and defend herself i mean it's gotta be a total joke. she should at least do a lot better than what she an do like become a soldier or more of a heroine or something along the lines of bravery. but the point is the actors did a complete soulless lousy job and so did the director and the writer who made this film. they should've went into film school to think up some better ideas and i hope everyone agrees with my methods cos they are probably thinking the same thing.all i can do is laugh. wow. i like jim wynorski's movies, i really do. i mean, chopping mall is a classic. but this, what happened to this guy? he used to make funny horror movies, that tried to be good. but this was hardly even funny...i mean, i guess it was, because i laughed. the villain is incredible. i mean, horrible cgi. it looks...terrible. and the movie has no gore, and no nudity as redeeming qualities. it is rated pg-13. a movie named "bone eater" you know won't be a blockbuster movie, you know it probably won't have a smart script. a movie like this may rely on gore...but no. it doesn't rely on anything really, it's just...crap. check it out if you want to laugh, though. but don't expect a good movie. i hope jim wynorski goes back to movies like chopping mall and ghoulies iv, because this and komodo vs. cobra ain't cutting it.another indian legend you never heard of before is let loose. as the name implies, this is a vengeful wraith who likes to absorb the skeletons of people while they're still using them. as usual, ancient burial grounds (can you say, "poltergeist?") have been disturbed by clichã©d greedy land developers building stuff.<br /><br />the cgi, if it had been better, might have made the effect more treacherous looking, but they skimped on the budget, and it shows--to comical effect. the unleashed creature probably should have been kept off stage during its first several killings-that might have added some mystery or impending doom atmosphere-but the inept director decided to show us in the first five minutes what it looks like, and it wasn't impressive. the deaths are just poorly done, again with shoddy cgi. i guess ancient spirits always kill by using cheap special effects. as for the "victims," they look they're going to laugh any moment while they do goofy screams. it's always obvious who's going to get it: a character with only a few lines shows up, strange noises are heard, cgi dots fly, exit character. repeat (several times).<br /><br />still, there's a few chase scenes featuring the monster that actually made this thing watchable. unfortunately, the director seems to be using these as a device to fall back on (so it's used too often) when he can't think of anything else for his characters to do. overall, it's pretty silly, but i've seen worse. this flick is cheap, but it's oddly fun to watch.now before i tell you the synopsis this is a non-spoiler review. bone eater hits its mark for being the worst movie of the year. i don't know how these movies even get onto dvd. if i saw this in theaters i would get extremely upset. bone eater is about these people who dig up an ancient burial ground and find some bones. it's the 'bone eater' and the more bones he eats the more powerful he gets.<br /><br />first of all i thought okay well the dvd artwork looks creepy and it sounds creepy. when i rented it and looked at the dvd label it looked scary. but then when i played it in i could agree on one thing- the title 'bone eater' is better than the movie itself. tell me what's more stupid? a bone eater that just attacks by throwing a bone ate you and you disappear? don't worry that's not a spoiler you see that happen in the first 5 minutes. or is it more stupid that 'bone eater' has a horse? you know what i think is the stupidest? the whole movie.<br /><br />the cgi is awful. yeah i thought the idea of 'bone eater' was creepy but once you see the actual thing you think this is some kind of action movie or just a cruel, mean joke. the film felt longer than titanic and this was half an hour. once the film actually has its moments of suspense it just stops. i admit the acting was not the best but actually decent and that the violence wasn't over-the-top but everything else is a stinker.<br /><br />overall bone eater is a film you can skip. if you like interesting movies with great creatures, great cgi, and suspense 'bone eater' is a film to skip. if you like bad movies no matter how cheesy they are then 'bone eater' will satisfy.with the exception of the fine rack on clara evans...this show was pretty bad...so why did i watch it? too much coffee, and had to relax before hitting the sack. watching bb change into his lamest big chief outfit, was amusing at best, downright laughable at worst.<br /><br />i could have made a better skeltor and special effects on my dell.<br /><br />boxlietner has seen better days, this guy is a year younger than me, and he's looking more and more like the scarecrow from his tv series days back in the early 1980....the women eye candy need to go back to acting school, although evans size 40 and playing a 17 year old(she's in her early 20s was a stretch)....the sci-fi channel has done better that this...but for us folks that don't get out to the bars much anymore, i guess we have to take what we can get...after all anything that gets you away form cnn, msnbc, and fox coverage of election 2008 these day is a good thing.yes, thats that i felt after i completed watching this movie. the acting is below-average and the special effects are horrible. in fact, the worst i have ever seen. it is a very low budget movie. there is no way this movie will can scare you, it has no creepy or scary moments. mr. bone eater was more of a funny creature for me. it could have been much better but oh well they didn't had a big budget. the movie fails to convince you that you are watching a horror movie, lol. i would name this movie the time eater (waster). i am sure you would have a lot of better movies/etc to watch. still watch it if: 1. you have nothing else to watch. 2. you get to watch it for free. not worth renting at all."five characters in search of an exit" has to be one of the most boring "zones" ever made. it was on sci-fi this morning, and, as usual, i changed the channel. i put it in my top five list of the worst "zones" ever produced. dull and predictable, and not worth watching. serling worked this theme to death (earthlings in the hands of aliens, who often were giants), and in this particular version, it just doesn't work. anyone who hasn't seen it before, will quickly figure it out. this is another serling philosophical mood piece, perhaps paralleling the plight of those in prisoner of war or concentration camps, where the imprisoned may lose interest in finding out where they are or fighting their captors. william windom, as the soldier who is the last to "drop in" is the only one curious to make the effort, and it doesn't take long to figure the outcome.bone eater is set in a small desert town in alabama where property developer dick krantz (jim storm) is financing the building of a huge resort. late one night three of his workers riley (timothy starks), hansen (adrian alvarado) & miller (paul rae) are digging foundations in the desert when they unearth what looks like a tomahawk axe, unfortunately for them an ancient native american demon called the bone eater comes along & kills them. local sheriff steve evans (bruce boxleitner) soon has krantz breathing down his neck as the construction of his resort grinds to a halt, sheriff evans also has to deal with the bone eater demon as it kills anyone it comes across...<br /><br />you know i consider myself a fairly big fan of the horror & sci-fi genre, i certainly don't think my opinion is worth more than anyone else's (unlike many here on the imdb...) but please believe me when i say that bone eater is the worst sci-fi channel 'creature feature' i have ever seen & it's up against some damned strong competition. as a horror & sci-fi fan there are two names that when involved with a film send shudders down my spine in anticipation of how bad it will turn out, those names are jesus 'i have no talent' franco who had nothing to do with bone eater & jim wynorski who directed the absolute disaster that is bone eater. in fact bone eater is so bad wynorski hid under the pseudonym bob robertson, when a director as bad as wynorski hides under a pseudonym you know the film must be bad. where do i even start? bone eater is quite simply the worst film i have seen this year & is so bad it's untrue, the story is awful, the script is sloppy (at one point sheriff evans tells kia to meet him at the hospital but when they meet there later he acts surprised & says 'what are you doing here?', at one point sheriff evans triumphantly claims that we are in the twentieth century & that ancient native american demons are nonsense although actually we are in the twenty first century now, there's a part when a woman tells in flashback the story where three men awaken the bone eater & it kills them but since it killed all three of them how did anyone else know about it for it to be passed down in legend?) & at times it gets more than a little bit embarrassing. the character's are horrible clichã©s, the small town sheriff who saves the day, his daughter becomes involved which adds some personal motivation & as for the native americans there's an old wise man, a young hot head who hates 'white man' & a young woman who is the voice of reason between the two who have names like storm cloud & black hawk. the film is as boring as hell, nothing happens, the story is awful, it's full of plot holes & lapses in any sort of logic, the set-pieces are terrible, there's no horror or gore or suspense or mystery & bone eater is just the sort of film that makes you lose the will to live.<br /><br />bone eater has some of the worst cgi computer effects i've seen in a while, from the daft looking stiff moving bone eater creature itself which is just a selection of bones magically held together to a motorbike jumping a large gap to an awful cgi truck crashing over the edge of a cliff to a van being tossed to one side by the bone eater. whenever the bone eater needs to get some speed up he causes a large horse to form from the sand & dust & rides it! in principal this is actually quite a neat idea but it looks awful & the scenes even have cheesy cowboy music on the soundtrack! there is one pointless scene at the end when sheriff evans cuts his own arm (why?) & it bleeds but apart from that there isn't a single drop of blood in the thing, whenever the bone eater kills someone they usually just disappear in a cloud of dust, boring. the hilariously goofy climatic showdown between sheriff evans & the bone eater has to be seen to be believed, sheriff evans goes native on horseback complete with tribal war paint on his face while the bone eater also rides his dust horse & they have a sort of jousting contest which is just to bad to describe properly.<br /><br />with a supposed budget of about $700,000 bone eater is filmed in a very bland, forgettable & flat way, there's no sense of style here at all. the majority of the film takes place in bright sunlight & if you watch it on a decent telly then the desert scenery is quite nice on occasion. there are several veteran 'known' actors really slumming it here, boxleitner plays exactly the same role as in the similarly themed but much better 'creature feature' snakehead terror (2004), william katt will obviously put his name to any crap as long as he gets paid while ex star trek man walter koenig must be really desperate to agree to appear in this.<br /><br />bone eater is a truly atrocious 'creature feature', there's really not much more you can say about it other than to steer well clear of it. the worst film ever to appear on the sci-fi channel & that's saying something, isn't it?....ok, small-town, clueless sheriff? check. sheriff's hot daughter? check? ne'er-do-well boyfriend of sheriff's hot daughter, whom sheriff hates? check. corporate land developer who greedily puts profit over people? check. developer's rank-and-file accidentally unleashing a primordial monster, then being pressured to cover it up? check. natives warning of mass death and destruction if things are not returned back to the way they were? check. amateurish cgi special effects that could have been produced by a commodore 64 computer? check. seriously, virtually all the clichã©s of your typical sci-fi original movie have been lumped into a classic, so-bad-it's-good movie. the only one that's missing is the scientist/expert trying to impart his knowledge; there is a paleontologist with three students who get ambushed my the bone eater fairly early in the movie, but they are basically extras in the movie. and i can honestly say that i predicted virtually all of this; right down to who survives and who doesn't (though i have to say i got the actual death time of one of the characters wrong by about an hour). i swear i could have done this movie myself if they gave me all the characters. despite all this, the movie is fun to watch, if for no other reason than to play mst3k with your friends. if you're up for some mindless fun, it's a great movie to watch, which is why i give this movie a surprisingly respectable 4, even though for all intents and purposes it deserves a much, much lower rating. but then again you wouldn't tune in to a scifi original movie if you were looking for a movie with an actual plot, substantive characters or good special effects, would you?in sweet water, the ambitious entrepreneur dick krantz (jim storm) is constructing a resort in the middle of the desert under the protest of the katonahs. when three workers find some indian relics and bones in a ditch in the site, they accidentally release the giant skeleton like creature known as bone eater and their bones are devoured by the monster. the half-breed sheriff steve evans (bruce boxleitner) a.k.a. running wolf is in charge of the investigation of the disappearance of the workers, being pressed by krantz to arrest the protesters. but the bone eater attacks and kills other locals, while chief storm cloud (michael horse) seeks an ancient tomahawk capable of destroying the evil creature.<br /><br />"bone eater" is a lame and silly movie, with one of the most ridiculous screenplay i have ever seen. the characters and situation are not well-developed and things happen without any further consequences. the conclusion is probably the worse part in this flick, with the typical white north american bruce boxleitner dressed like an indian (in the story, his grandfather was an indian), cutting his own wrist (why? and where is the blood later?) and clumsily throwing the axe in the chest of the bone eater, destroying the monster and my last hope of any improvement in the story. my last question: if the bone eater eats bones, what happens to the flesh and clothes of his victims? my vote is three.<br /><br />title (brazil): "o devorador de ossos" ("the bone eater")i really don't know if this was supposed to be science fiction or horror. it was confusing to say the least. what really upset me, however, was the lack of story development between the characters.<br /><br />the sheriff's (bruce boxleitner) 17-year-old daughter (clara bryant) is stuck with him for the summer, and they don't spend 30 seconds on screen together at any one time.<br /><br />the hot native american (jennifer lee wiggins) apparently has the hots for the sheriff, but they don't spend any time together either.<br /><br />the hot secretary (kristen honey) ends up dead and she had more acting ability than the other two put together.<br /><br />the bad developer vs. the native americans is an overused story, but i personally like evil developers getting theirs as i live in florida.<br /><br />the only reason i stayed with this was the creature. it was original. i have never seen anything like it and i am a sucker for new creatures.i rented this film courtesy of netflix, thinking i would receive the 1972 version. i sat clueless, watching this new version, thinking: gee, the production values were spectacular! i was convinced the soundtrack had a slightly 70s' sound to it. i was even more convinced that this was a 70s film when it occurred to me (almost every five seconds) that the one thing that was missing between gene and finney was an intense hug, a loaded stare, a passionate kiss.<br /><br />i'm sorry, although john knowles himself has indicated that this was not a homosexual relationship, it is painfully obvious that yes, that's exactly what it was. when people (usually adolescents) of the same sex have "intense" friendships, it means that those longings for love, togetherness, the desire to express oneself sexually, are all spilling over. these boys needed to connect, but they were never allowed to.<br /><br />also, despite a spirited performance by toby moore, i never felt any of the emotions were real. i never connected to either of the boys, for the very reason their relationship was not truly honest.<br /><br />people want to live in a fantasy and think that because this took place in the 1940s that these boys couldn't have had these sexual feelings for each other. but i say they did -- at least in the book they did, and in this movie, finney had them, almost painfully, for gene. the "intensity" that john knowles suggests existed between them was a closet homosexuality, a hero worship, an idolatry -- that would, under normal circumstances, be expressed in a sexual way. even if these boys were repressing it, it should have been crystal clear, but this movie doesn't even really hint at it. <br /><br />lastly, there is an unbelievably bizarre moment when finney, who has broken his leg, is playfully jumped on by all the other boys during a ball game. unless they were just a bunch of nincompoops, they would know they could not possibly throw their bodies against him. obviously this bone-shattering moment was lost on both the director and the producer.this movie was not very well directed. they almost totally disregarded the book.i guess they were trying 2 save time. the only upside 2 me was that the actor who played finny was cute. some of the dialog between the main characters appeared a little gay which was not the case in the book. major parts of the book were once again chopped out.you lost the over all effect it was not as haunting as the book and left me lacking severely. also the strong language although it was brief was very unnecessary. also i was surprised ( not pleasantly) by a new character that was no where in the book.one of my favorite characters (leper) was poorly interpreted and portrayed. he seemed more sinister in the movie than the real leper was in the book. over all disappointing.john knowles modern masterpiece, a separate peace, are one of many subtle, and subtly is the watch word, themes of love, hate, jealously, denial and regret. the 1972 version does attempt to address this style and what the book is - a love story with war looming in the background. <br /><br />the 2004 version does not use subtly at all but overtness in the portrayal of the story. what is staring you in the face when you read the novel - is a love story, and yes maybe it is arguable, a gay love story. in the novel and 1972 film version there are sexual undertones everywhere in the writings and dialog.in the 2004 showtime film version these tensions were omitted and the actors were in there late twenties playing teenagers which caused for mature acting taking away from any tenderness or hesitation of innocence in youth.<br /><br />i did not like this remake for more reasons. the hair that broke the camels' back was that phineas was given a surname on the letters he received from the draft boards! finny is a character that does not have nor needs a last name. john knowles did that intentionally.<br /><br />though i accept the 1972 version the acting was at times a little amateurish, so what, it attempted to be sincere to the novel by shooting on location at phillips exeter academy that the devon acedemy was based on; which also the writer john knowles attended as a student.<br /><br />the directors and producers took all teenage exeter students, with exception of parker stevenson whom attended the brooks school, to play in a paramount film! class act by preppies compared to this canadian college shot, played with adult actors, politically correct, platonic version. no - veto on this sham try again. the 1972 film version with john heyl and parker stevenson was the real deal for a separate peace on the screen. the showtime 2004 film made for cable version was not.i saw this dvd on sale and bought it without a second thought, despite not even having known it was out since this is one of my favorite books of all time. as soon as i got home i raced to watch it only to find myself utterly disappointed. while it is true that this film is somewhat based on the book, the similarities end there. the characters are changed (ie finny seems more a pompous jerk than anything else whereas gene seems to be somewhat of a hillbilly), scenes are misplaced or altogether changed (ie. lepper), many characters are missing and famous lines/thought are missing. the movie does attempt to portray some feeling that the previous one lacked but it is done in a lackluster way that makes for a flat boring movie. it is the depth of character and feeling that makes the book such a classic and this movie takes those things and utterly destroys them in its rewriting.first i must confess that a separate peace is my favorite book. so of course, i have some bias against any attempt at adapting it for a feature film or television movie. but as i began to watch this film, i was more than willing to give it the benefit of the doubt. the original version from the early 1970s, though shot at phillips exeter academy where the book's author attended school, and though it stayed as faithful as it could to the book, lacked any real depth of feeling and failed to capture the essence of the characters. the original seemed to simply go through the motions. reading the trivia about the movie, you discover that it was cast mostly with non-actors. thus, the original has an amateurish feel to it and it ultimately fails.<br /><br />this new version, though i will grant that it captures the look of the period better than the original, seems to have thrown the book out all together. scenes are rearranged, characters imposed where they don't belong, characters created that were not in the book, and no attempt was made to delve into the deeper conflicts that make the book so compelling. and the cardinal sin of all: the tree is not treated as the vital, almost central character it is in the book. this is an inexcusable oversight on the part of the film makers. how could they downplay the role of the tree? why was it not introduced immediately? why the dead poet-esque beginning? and what in god's name was up with gene's accent? this film is, to be blunt, garbage. a separate peace should not be a difficult book to adapt for the stage or screen. john knowles wrote it in a perfectly fine, linear style. the film makers should have trusted the story as it was already written; make changes, sure; embellish here and there, sure; take some mild dramatic license, sure. but destroy one of the pearls of american literature in the process? what were they thinking? in their corruption of the story line, they cut any possibility of suspense or drama. the whole movie falls flat and fails miserably.<br /><br />if you are a high school or college student assigned to read this book and you are thinking of skimping and just watching the movie...don't even think about it. this film will be of no help to you.<br /><br />alas, we shall have to wait even longer before a version of this story comes to the screen that truly does it justice.sheltered young woman, home-schooled and possibly quite gifted, harbors a disturbed, overly-emotional side which comes to the surface after her absentee father pays her mother a visit, asking for a divorce. directed by celebrated cinematographer william a. fraker, this ill-titled psychological thriller falls into the trap that most films helmed by directors of photography find themselves in: each shot is composed for the utmost style, but at the sacrifice of fluid pacing and a tight, gripping narrative. fraker (and his cinematographer, lã¡szlã³ kovã¡cs) are very fond of gauzy whites and golden tones, giving the picture a burnished, tableaux feel. the mansion at the center of the action looks like a funeral parlor, and fraker paces the wheezing yarn just like a funeral. robert shaw and sally kellerman (as shaw's fiancã©e), two of the most interesting actors of the 1970s, manage to cut through the plastic overlay and are quite compelling despite the jagged editing (which turns their scenes into little bits of half-realized business). sondra locke, another interesting screen personality, seems cast for her resemblance to catherine deneuve in "repulsion". pale and saucer-eyed, with imposingly thick and long hair, locke is a curious human puzzle, and she's initially quite intimidating and dangerous; however, this role is so old-hat that locke can find nothing fresh to bring out of the deep freeze, and she flounders. fraker allows locke's freak-out scenes to go on and on, while shaw (looking terrifically debonair) is put in the impossible position of playing touchy-feely daddy to her. all of this nonsense might be worth slogging through if the screenplay had been peppered with a modicum of tangibility (or, at the very least, some dry wit or humorous relief). as it is, lewis john carlino and edward hume's limp script, adapted from stanton forbes' novel "go to thy deathbed", strands the viewer early on, and only the charisma of the players gets us to the finish line. *1/2 from ****i watched this episode with high hopes after seeing it on so many people's "favourite episodes" list. i'm not boasting in any way, but from the start, i realised they were in some sort of toybox/can, with the huge eye looking down on them, to the type of characters in there. even though throughout the episode, the questions of "who are we?", "where are we?", "what's outside?" carry the suspense of the episode (which i unfortunately already figured out), i must say that different types of characters and the interaction between them did make the episode interesting enough. although the twist of the story may have been harder to guess if all of them were (toy) soldiers.lame rip-off of the quatermass xperiment (1955): the first half is deadly dull, even dreary - but the latter stages improve considerably with the scenes involving the rampaging 'monster'. in the accompanying featurette (a rather dry affair at a mere 9 minutes, when compared to the ones created for the other titles in criterion's "monsters & madmen" set), director day - who admits to not being a fan of the sci-fi genre - tries to justify the film's shortcomings by saying that he had a zero-budget to work with (where all the outer space scenes were composed of stock footage!)...and i'd have been inclined to be more lenient with the film had i not recently watched caltiki, the immortal monster (1959) - a similar (and similarly threadbare) but far more stylish venture from italy! <br /><br />bill edwards as the cocky but unlucky astronaut - obsessed with achieving the titular feat - is positively boring at first, but he eventually manages to garner audience sympathy when his physical features are deformed and the character develops a taste for blood! marshall thompson as his commanding officer and elder brother is o.k. as a leaner glenn ford type; he had previously starred in fiend without a face (1958), another (and more successful) richard gordon-produced sci-fi which, incidentally, is also available on dvd through criterion. italian starlet marla landi, struggling with the english language, makes for an inadequate female lead; even her input in the featurette proves to be of little lasting value! <br /><br />the audio commentary is yet another enjoyable tom weaver/richard gordon track where, among many things, the fact that first man into space was intended as a double-feature with corridors of blood (1958) is brought up - but it was eventually put out as a standalone release, so as to exploit the topical news value of the current space race; it's also mentioned that the monster dialogue was actually dubbed by bonar colleano (who, tragically, died in a traffic accident prior to the film's release!). weaver even recalls a couple of anecdotes from the time when he was involved in the production of the dvd featurette shot by, of all people, ex-cult-ish film-maker norman j. warren: landi, who by then had become a lady of title, was still ready to help out in carrying the equipment necessary to film the interview down several flights of stairs!; edwards was supposed to have contributed to the featurette but, once in london, he proved reluctant to co-operate with weaver - eventually, the latter learned that the actor had been recently diagnosed with cancer and, in fact, he died in 2002!rivalry between brothers leads to main story line. navy commander chuck prescott(marshall thompson)has developed the y12 aircraft to test how far man can go up in the atmosphere. his brother, lt. dan prescott(bill edwards), seems to be the best test pilot around and is chosen to go up in the y12. dan of course has a problem with taking orders and is also an over confident dare devil. <br /><br />on dan's second flight, he hits over the 300 miles up comfort zone and his craft passes through a meteor dust storm. returning to earth, dan becomes a monster that resembles 200 pounds of bad asphalt. he also has a demanding craving for blood, whether it be from farm animals or fellow human beings.<br /><br />short runtime of an hour and seventeen minutes; black & white with near stoic acting...typical of low budget sci-fi.<br /><br />rounding out the cast is marla landi, robert ayers and carl jaffe. noteworthy trivia: about two months after this film was released; the russians put the real first man in space.okay, when i bought this flick i though this gotta be the ultimate b-movie, space monkey landing to the earth and starts right away to kill people! <br /><br />well, it was almost everything what i expected, typical low-budget scifi movie from the 60's. acting has to be the worst i've ever seen, especially the girl playing the lead role and the girl that played the waitress made me laughing my ass off. <br /><br />so why 'night fright' doesn't fall in to category 'so bad that it's good'? reason why is that some of the scenes were just too long and boring. for example the scene were the police officers are searching clues in the woods it was just minutes of walking without purpose. and then the grand finale, the people's waiting for the monster about 5 minutes and when the space monkey appears it get wack'd in 20 second, end of film.<br /><br />yeah, 'night fright' is boring, but it got couple of funny moments. i can recommend this movie to all who liked films like 'zontar, the thing from venus' or 'curse of the swamp creature'.<br /><br />i give 'night fright' 4 space monkey slaps out of 10..<br /><br />-rob gruesome-"a texas community is beset with a rash of mysterious killings involving some of the students from the local college. the sheriff investigating the death discovers the startling identity of the killer responsible for the murders. a nasa experiment involving cosmic rays has mutated an ape and turned it into an unstoppable killing machine with a thirst for blood," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis.<br /><br />or, could the creature really be a mutated alligator returning from a space-bound "noah's ark"? <br /><br />a long opening, with laughably straight 1960s couple ralph baker jr. (as chris) and dorothy davis (as judy), suggests "night fright" might be a joyously bad movie; but, don't get your hopes up. after some innocent cavorting, the attractive collegiates discover another couple has encountered a monster; naturally, the creature is hell-bent on terrorizing young romantics. sheriff john agar (as clint crawford) isn't trusted by the younger set; but, he really wants to help.<br /><br />mr. agar was a friend of my aunt; he spoke about very few movies, and this wasn't one of them.when a rocket from a government experiment on the effects of cosmic rays on animals crashes in a small texas town, people start to die. the county sheriff tries to investigate but is hampered in his efforts by other government officials. it turns out that there is a mutant space gorilla on the loose killing teenagers in the woods.<br /><br />i like low budget science fiction and horror movies. i like monster movies. so i thought that there would be a good chance that i would like this movie. sadly, i didn't.<br /><br />i don't mind the bad acting, the corny dialog, the atrocious musical score or the giant plot holes that this movie has. there are a lot of movies that have the same problems that i have seen and enjoyed in a so bad it's good kind of way.<br /><br />but where others of that type and night fright differ is that night fright just has terrible pacing. and it drags on because of that. there are scenes that just go on and on without anything happening-the searching the woods for clues is just people walking in the forest for a long time; there are several seemingly endless dancing teens at a party in the woods...but nothing interesting is going on. if these scenes were shorter, the movie might not have been as boring (though i don't think simply cutting those scenes would save this one).<br /><br />i have now given this movie three viewings to make sure that i gave it a chance before slamming it in this review. sadly, it has gotten worse with each watch. there won't be a fourth.this cheap and rubbish film is about a nasa test rocket that is sent into space with a cargo of animals. it vanishes for a while then unexpectedly returns, crash landing in a forest, unleashing a vicious mutant creature.<br /><br />like many films of this type, night fright, features dumb teenagers boogieing on down to 60's surf music before being killed. none of the murders, however, are even remotely memorable, as we don't really see anything. one thing we do see, however, is that one of the teenagers appears to be about 40 years old and sports a quite impressively silly haircut.<br /><br />for a creature feature to work, it really has to present its monster to the viewer properly. in this film, however, we only get the briefest glimpses of the monster. it seems to sort of resemble the alien from robot monster. but i'm not sure; as the photography was so dark i simply couldn't make out what the hell was going on a lot of the time. although, my gut feeling was that i probably wasn't missing very much.this movie was painfully awful. most of the movie consisted of people running in the woods, walking thru the woods, or dancing in the woods. more than half, at least. then two kids who discover two 'horribly mutilated bodies' in the woods, return to the woods the very next night for a romantic walk. ????? there is no time continuity. its day, its night, its day, its really really night, its dusk, its pitch black, its day. all the woods scenes go on like this until you think you will lose your mind. really bad. the sheriff discovers a five foot claw print embedded in the dirt of the woods and theorizes that a super large alligator may have learned to walk upright. really a silly movie with no real motivation written in for the characters. might be entertaining for young kids, as an alternative to really graphic stuff.what? - that was it? the town sheriff (john agar) blows up the mutant gorilla with a stick of dynamite hidden in a mannequin? did i just write that? did i just see that? <br /><br />with instrumentals by the wildcats, "night fright" is one flick that never deserved to be made as late as 1967. the heyday of the gorilla was well over, and anyone other than ray corrigan in an ape suit is just asking for trouble. remake this in black and white and set the story about thirty years earlier and you'd have at least a 4.0 rating on the imdb. but sadly, this one never should have stood a chance of seeing the light of day. oops, there's another quirk - you can never tell if it's day or night in the story, since they seem interchangeable with one another.<br /><br />i'll give you this though, a couple of the early malt shop scenes looked like they could have gone on the air as coke commercials. thinking about it now, those were probably the best looking and best lit scenes of the picture; coca cola must have paid for them. had they seen the completed movie, they might have been better served to prevent it's release.okay it is terribly, and i mean terribly, easy to pick apart this film. c'mmon what do you expect with the title, synopsis, and actors in leads such as carol gilley, ralph baker jr., dorothy davis, bill thurman, and, my personal favourite, roger ready. yes, b star john agar is here as a sheriff out to rid the texan landscape of a robot-like ape from a nasa experiment gone awry. the movie has dreadful performances, dreadful scenery, dreadful special effects, and dreadful lighting. i really cannot find much good to say about it other than as bad films go you could do a lot worse as far as finding something dreadful to sit through. it is bearably short and has many moments of unintended humor. missed cues, lighting faux pas, off-screen terror, an unbelievably inane score, and of course john agar trying his level best to be the core of the film with an earnest performance amidst this muck. the beginning is the hardest part to sit through as it seems like it takes forever for these two teens to get their comeuppance for traveling in the woods down the texas back roads where great ape soon will reek his vengeance in his own terrible way...yeah right! night fright! bah!i am a fan of bad horror films of the 1950s and 60s--films so ridiculous and silly that they are good for a laugh. so, because of this it's natural that i'd choose this film--especially because with john agar in it, it was practically guaranteed to be bad. sadly, while it was a bad film, it was the worst type of bad film--dull beyond belief and unfunny. at least with stupid and over-the-top bad films, you can laugh at the atrocious monsters and terrible direction and acting. here, you never really see that much of the monster (mostly due to the darkness of the print) and the acting, while bad, is more low energy bad...listless and dull.<br /><br />the film begins with some young adults going to satan's hollow to neck. well, considering the name of the place, it's not surprising when they are later found chewed to pieces! duh...don't go necking at satan's hollow!! well, there are reports of some sort of crashing object from the sky, so what do the teens go? yep, throw a dance party--a very, very, very slow dance party where the kids almost dance in slow motion. so it's up to the sheriff (agar) and his men to ensure that the teens can dance in peace without fear of mastication.<br /><br />as for the monster, it's some guy in a gorilla suit with a silly mask--a bit like the monster in robot monster. not exactly original and not exactly high tech. to make it worse, it makes snorting noises and moves very, very slowly--so slow that even the most corpulent teen could easily outrun it! how it manages to kill repeatedly is beyond me.<br /><br />overall, too dull to like--even if you are a fan of lousy cinema.honestly i am not that impressed by it, it's not a bad movie, but it's not great one either. there's a story to tell, but it's told in a very incoherent way which kinds of makes it loose it's full meaning and ability to intrigue. this movie could of been made in another way with an outstanding result, the story is just so interesting yet somehow i'm not intrigued when watching it. <br /><br />it definitely isn't an amateur movie, rather the opposite and some of the scenes are really emotional. the actors and actresses does quite a good job and so does the director but there's just something so unfinished by the whole movie that i cant quite put my finger on. perhaps if you had gotten to know the characters abit more, all the 'messiness' of the movie could of been better clarified and put more 'action' throughout it cause as it was, it became abit slow from time to time.this one isn't even lively enough to be fun. something is out there, ripping people off (off-screen) after a spaceship crash (off-screen) while government executives investigates (off-screen) and bad actors says stupid lines (on-screen), including a guy who looks like jim carrey with a hangover. the "monster", when it finally is shown, looks like an extra from "robot monster", but there ain't enough monster fu anyway.<br /><br />fortunately, it's pretty short. skip it, unless you want to get bored out of your skull by thisthere is one adjective that describes everything about this film - acting, plot, effects, continuity, etc. - and that word is poor. the government wants to asses the effects of space travel on certain organisms but the capsule crashes and a mutant something-or-other (looks like a guy in an ape suit with the top of a football helmet over his face) wreaks havoc around the accident scene, which includes a favorite place for the window-fogging, partying set. therefore, some young people - as well as a law enforcement officer - are among the creature's victims. you gotta be extremely unparticular about how you spend your time - or rich, if you spend any money - to view this epic.imagine what it must have been like for john agar. one of hollywood's handsome leading men. married to shirley temple for five years. he finds himself doing movies like this. i remember him in "tarantula" where he wasn't half bad. unfortunately, there is nothing to recommend this film. the monster is dumb uninteresting and incompetent. the police are boring. the teenagers are boring. the plot is stupid. people run around. there are events that do nothing to advance the plot. there's dancing that goes on and on, and then there is no attack. there is some idiotic love triangle that no one could care the least about. it isn't even campy or outrageous. it's just no worth anything. agar might as well have been a post. he's given nothing to do.mixing small town sheriffs, high-school students, fake rock music, and some weirdo who kills for, well, no reason in particular, this film is essentially a re-make of "the giant gila monster" - except without the gila monster, of course.<br /><br />now, anyone who has actually seen "giant gila monster", knows that it is one of the worst made films of all time, frequently so slow, it's not even funny. and i can't believe that by 1967, "giant gila monster" had earned such a reputation that young directors were just dying to get to work on a sequel, let alone a remake. so will someone please explain to me why this film was made?! the dance sequence, by the way, is historically interesting, although about three years out of date; but even that's spoiled, since it goes on... and on... and... on....when the budget doesn't allow for a cadillac or packard or lincoln or imperial hearse we are talking cheep cheep. that's bird language for cheap cheap.<br /><br />what is in the hair of the forty year old teen boy? the guy who looks like a cement head who tries a couple of times to run over john agar and provides the only scare in the movie by how close he comes. his hair looks like a shoe. a patent leather shoe. he is a shoe head.<br /><br />the nurse woman needs immediate emergency hair washing. she has lacquer in her blond locks that would ignite if the production company had been able to afford lights.<br /><br />the monster? the music was scarier. i would try to run from the music. the monster probably had better hair than the rest of the cast. put some lipstick on that monster and you've got divine's older sister.<br /><br />the camera work and editing and plot provided a buffer to prepare the audience for the bad music throughout.<br /><br />hello mr. agar? we're thinking of doing a sequel to night fright and... mr. agar? agar? tom willetti am giving this movie vampire assassins a "2" rating mainly because it had no sex or nudity. other than that, i am not sure why it was ever made. it was more like a training exercise in how to make a movie with a very limited budget. the characters derek and slovak were the best actors. they were followed closely by the "biker-dude" with the pleather pants and silver belt. he was ok too. most of the movie was filmed in some kind of distribution warehouse. if you got tired of watching the kung-fu kick boxing stunts, you can check out the packages of scott tissue, windex and other cleaning products. you will have a lot of time to do this, trust me. i almost started to make a list. the dialogue and kung-fu stunts were extremely slow. they talked slow, fought slow, etc. i don't know why. at least with the extra-slow delivery of the actors lines, you could hear everything very distinctly. i am trying hard to find good stuff to say about this movie. we watched it all the way to the end to see if got any better, but it didn't. we never could decide if the actors really knew martial arts or were just acting like they knew martial arts. you can watch yourself and decide. my favorite line was something like (vampire speaking:) "what are you looking at?" other man responding: "your bad dental work."i watched this as part of a vampire movie marathon with research intent, otherwise there is no way i'd have watched it all the way through. the first scene wherein a bunch of vampires in very bad wigs seemingly get electrocuted by various slow moving weapons wielded by an even slower moving van helsing wannabe... in black and white... with a voice over, sets the pace for the entire rest of the film. the fight scenes look ridiculous, the dialouge would be funny if the acting wasn't so bad, what passes for plot doesn't make sense, and the production values bite (from the pleather knock off of spike's coat worn by the hero to the cheesy cheap magician's cape their lead vamp swooshes around).<br /><br />i've seen some bad movies (check out the magic sword with b. rathbone, or the raven with a very young jack n.), but this one gets my vote for worst of all times.incredibly, "vampire assassin" is significantly worse than such atrocities as "tequila body shots" and "zombie nation" - and those movies are terrible. writer/director/star ron hall is devoid of both charisma and acting ability, and is also clearly incapable of the most basic directorial concepts. possibly the worst camera-work, editing, lighting, sound, visual effects, music and fight choreography i have ever seen in a movie. rarely do two shots cut together, nor can you see much in the beyond-dim lighting. the terrible dialogue is spoken extremely slowly by a supremely untalented cast, stretching the movie to a near-deadly 87 minutes. this is a truly laughable embarrassment for everyone involved. obviously, aficionados of terrible film-making will want to see this, but it's very hard to sit through no matter how experienced a bad-movie viewer you are. the fact that ron hall thought this was actually releasable is astounding. if you are a movie director, and you actually think it's ok for the opening credits of your movie to include a few frames of the words slug before the title appears, left over from your rough edit - and you apparently can't muster the energy to edit those frames out - then your standards are obviously so low as to be insulting. i am astounded that lions gate/maple agreed to release this movie on dvd. in spite of rudy ray moore's very brief cameo, this movie is a work of supreme self-indulgence on ron hall's part - he clearly thinks he is a formidable actor, and must also believe he possesses superior writing and directing skills - but the movie is so unbelievably inept that it's hard to believe he'd actually want people to see it for fear of being brutally excoriated like i'm doing right now. a jaw-dropping, insanely terrible movie. i'm not kidding.i wasn't able to last ten minutes on the this terrible film. in and age of dv cameras, it looks to have been shot on vhs without aid of any color correction or microphone.<br /><br />as a filmmaker myself, i know the constraints of indy film-making and, even keeping those things in mind, i'm amazed films can be made this poorly.<br /><br />the only praise i can offer is that this film got distribution as i've seen considerably better films still seeking modest domestic or international release. i'm guessing the box is what sold it...it does have good box art, but it all goes downhill from there.<br /><br />side note: it seems the director has 11 friends since no one on the this planet would give this film a "10".a friend of mine showed me this film yesterday, and i was really amazed that someone could make a movie this terrible! <br /><br />mix the most awful, clichã©d dialog, with the most wooden acting you've ever seen, with the cheesiest special effects know to man, and you get this magnificent beast!<br /><br />'vampire assassins' is funnier than most comedies i've seen, it really is awful! <br /><br />i was in stitches during the scene where the ex cop/vampire assassin character is having coffee with the internet journalist. just watch it and you'll see what i mean!<br /><br />i honestly can't believe that someone made this with serious intentions.<br /><br />tragic, but a really good laugh. it has to be seen to be believed.the kite runner began as one of those "important" films that most people fawn over because they are told that they should if they want to be among the elite and quickly descended into an idiotic film of absurdly outlandish proportions.<br /><br />i've never read the book, and never felt the need because i honestly don't care. sure i'm called uninformed for saying it but i truly have no interest whatsoever in just another "pull at your heartstrings, copy off of all other story lines to get emotion from the readers" novel, even if it is set in afghanistan.<br /><br />that said, i watched the movie. i heard good things about its beauty, and how touching it was and decided why not? as it turns out, there was a very good reason why not. not only was the so called main character completely unsympathetic (i get it, he was young and this is a film about redemption but honestly he was horrible. i hated him and not in that good 'anti-hero' way, he was just a dull, idiotic, self-absorbed character that i felt nothing towards) but the rest of the story was so completely absurd that i couldn't believe how everyone else was fawning over how beautiful it was, and how they cried and it moved them. i'm sorry, but i only feel moved by something that feels realistic, sci-fi has been known to move me, fantasy as well...but this? please. this surpassed many other movies for pure absurdity! my biggest peeve, hassan was amir's brother...really? you sure you didn't just rip that off from a thousand other stories? positive that that particular tidbit wasn't just added in to try to pull more tears out of your audiences (y'know the type of people who look for reasons to cry during a movie)? i was rolling my eyes when that "twist" was revealed knowing that it could only go downhill from there (not to mention flashing back to star wars "amir, hassan is your brother" "nooooo, that's not true, that's impossible!") oh, and it certainly did. filled to the brim with clichã©'s and just plan dumb storytelling. like "good guy miraculously escapes bad guy against all odds with help from spunky kid who despite being viciously sodomized and having no clue who you are is willing to help out with a conveniently placed weapon that holds special meaning to you". ooh and don't forget the oh so idiotic "finally getting vengeance on the kid who teased you when you were little who, surprise surprise, has turned into a psychopathic adult" (trust me guys, i understand you like to live vicariously through movies but that'll never happen. you know that kid who teased you in high school...he's no terrorist, he's probably an accountant.) <br /><br />oh, and i must mention the cgi-tastic kites! i think those were on par with the "matrix" movies and "transformers" bravo you guys! bravo!<br /><br />it seems this movie was just made for western audiences who need to a reason to care about the middle east (hey an overly emotional friendship story will work!) this is one of the most shallow movies i've had the misfortune of seeing, it poses as deep well...but when you get right down to it, it's nothing special.<br /><br />unfortunately, the core of america's audience will do what they're told and follow the "it's about controversial material so it must be good!" way of thinking.this movie had a very unique effect on me: it stalled my realization that this movie really sucks! it is disguised as a "thinker's film" in the likes of memento and other jewels like that, but at the end, and even after a few minutes, you come to realize that this is nothing but utter pretentious cr4p. probably written by some collage student with friends to compassionate to tell him that his writing sucks. the whole idea is â? i don't even know if it tried to scratch on the supernatural, or they want us to believe that because someone fills your mind (a very weak one, btw) with stupid "riddles", the kind you learn on elementary school recess, you suddenly come to the "one truth" about everything, then you have to kill someone and confessâ?. !!! what? how, what, why, why? is just like saying that to make a cake, just throw a bunch of ingredients, and add waterâ? forgot about cooking it? i guess these guys forgot to, not explain, but present the mechanism of why was this happening? you have to do that when you present a story which normal, everyday acts (lie solving riddle rhymes) start to have an abnormal effect on people. acting was horrible, with that girl always trying to look cute at the camera, and the guy from highlanders, the series, acting up like the though heavy metal record store (yeah, they're all real though s-o-b's). the "menacing" atmosphere, with the "oh-so-clever" riddles (enter the 60's series of batman and robin, with guest appearance of the riddle) and the crazies who claim to have "the knowledge" behind that smirk on their facesâ? just horrible, horrible.<br /><br />i'm usually very partial about low budget movies, and tend to root for the underdog by giving them more praise than they may deserve, in lieu of their constrictions, you know, but this is just an ugly excuse for a movie that will keep you wanting to be good for an hour and a half, and at the end you will just lament that you fell for it.i don't normally give movies a "1." although i am a heartless critic, i try to find anything that makes the movie worthwhile (that is to say, watchable). the main thing i look for is a coherent plot. if it has that alone, i can watch it! let me start by saying, this doesn't even deserve to be called a movie, this is more like an elementary school project...gone horribly wrong! and i've seen every sci-fi movie special that was ever made.<br /><br />many times i've read professional critic reviews that say crap like "this played like a made-for-tv...(etc, etc)" and i kept saying "oh come on, i wish they'd think of a real criticism." well this is worse...much worse! this is truly the worst "thing" i've seen that's lasted the length of a movie (if i did consider it a movie it would be my new worst movie of all time), and i've seen every movie uwe boll made! this movie makes uwe boll look like francis ford coppola! :) i'd rather watch jaws the revenge all day then see this one more time...even 5 minutes of it...there was one good scene and it was the end! ;-p ok enough bashing the works of ron hall, now for the serious criticism.<br /><br />the script is poorly written, the dialog is delivered in a wooden manner, the effects are cheesier than those in a power rangers show, and don't even get me started on the screen zoom-in transitions (ugh). someone actually watched this thing, edited it, and then said, "ok release it"? i would have rather burned this than release it! in closing all i can say is "thank goodness dvd and vhs players have a stop and eject feature!" my advice...don't rent it, if you do, you'll be glad you have stop and eject too! :)so, this is the worst movie you will probably ever see. it's up there with "crossbones" and "southern comfort", but if your a bad movie fan like i am, this atrocity of a film will be the most fun you've had in years. why does the camera make old-school kung fu noises when it zooms? why does that random guy stuff a nascar commemorative plate in his bag? and who is he anyway? why do the vampires shoot lightning after they die? what is this? highlander? dracula mccloud? who cares! just laugh at it. this movie has no continuity, no plot, no anything, really. ron hall's range of emotions are always off. he looks happy when he should be sad, angry when he should be confused. the rest of the cast couldn't act their way out of a paper bag. the special ("short bus" kinda special) effects are randomly placed, and never needed. most scenes are lit with a desk lamp, if they are lit at all. mel novak has the audacity to look off-camera for his line, and it's not even edited out. they just keep on filming. in fact, half of this movie isn't even on film at all. it's 1/2 film, 1/2 sony hand-cam. for most of the film it seems that they left their boom mike at home. this movie doesn't just have a few plot holes, it's a mine field of confusion and mental pain! but oh do i love it! thank you ron hall, for this cinematic abomination. i went out and bought it, cause it's just so damn funny. ($1.99 on amazon, and i had it rush delivered!)<br /><br />"i have weapons! i have weapons! i have weapons!"if you came here, it's because you've already seen this film and were curious what others had to say about it.<br /><br />i feel for you, i *really* do. and i profusely apologize as a canadian (because that's what we do) that this film ever had to cross your eyes, if only for a moment. i hear there is no cure for the retinal bleeding reported out of every dozen cases.<br /><br />i, like everyone else, rented this movie believing it to be some stupid b-movie ripoff of blade. i thought, "sure i could use a good laugh at a stupid movie." i'll give the creators of this film one positive comment about their 'creation': thanks for removing the rec xx/xx/xx from the bottom right-hand corner of the screen. i can see how that would have been a distraction from seeing this movie.<br /><br />and for the record, i *saw* the movie, but did not watch it. the dialogue was incoherent and most of the scenes took place in my grandmother's trailer, i swear to god.<br /><br />you know what? i'm not writing anymore about this. it's just too painful.ok, normally i am fascinated by z movies. some of the actors, directors, writers, etc. in those movies have a shred of talent. they want to get that talent out so unfortunately for them, they have to associate with crappy people to make their films. but some z films do have at least one thing that may be noteworthy about them.<br /><br />not here.<br /><br />as soon as i saw it i thought...'wow, a blade knock-off.' believe me, if this movie could have lived up to that label that would have made it a better movie.<br /><br />instead i was subjected to some of the most horrible acting i have ever seen in my life. master kao was bad, so bad that i believe some of my neurons in my brain exploded trying to comprehend his acting. i am still trying to make sense of his enunciation and why he would raise his voice in speaking certain words...to add dramatic effect i'm sure...but it was for no apparent reason. simply mind boggling.<br /><br />oh and then there is the black guy in the purple cape near the end of the movie. purple cape guy fights the hero for about 30 seconds, but he is so bad that it actually looked like he was scared of fighting.<br /><br />the main hero and the main villain did decent jobs. the main hero (derek washington) seemed like he actually knew martial arts.this movie was pathetically awful. the sound was terrible, the action was ridiculous and the effects were nauseating. if you have a life don't see this movie, cause you will want to kill yourself. this movie totally rips off blade (which is undoubtedly a really good movie...or trilogy i should say).<br /><br />i don't care who the actors are, this movie is just horrible. i watched 10 minutes of it and had to come to my computer and comment on how absolutely just bad this movie is. i actually don't know why my family is still watching it...oh wait, yes i do. they are laughing almost non-stop at the stupid action, dialogue and acting.this movie has got to go down in the history of bad movies as the worst one i've ever seen. it wasn't even a bad b movie...i would have rated it at as a z. the special effects were ridiculous...err if you could even call them special effects. i think the reviewer before hit the nail on the head...it was the box that sold the movie, while the cover art was great and the synopsis intriguing (which both is why i rented it) it was a waste of not only time but money as well. i didn't last long. i took it back to the store and switched it out for another movie i believe my local video store took it off the shelf because they had soooo many complaints about this horrible movie. my 6 year old could have done a better job filming it/writing the script!i hope the people who made this movies read these comments. the choreography was horrid, the plot was nill, and the actors where so low budget power rangers appears 5 star to this junk.<br /><br />the fight scenes where so slow you could actually see the actors waiting for each other to perform the next move. camera cut-aways and poor lighting could not cover up the cheap effects. the lightning was just plain stupid. the weapons looked like something out of a final fantasy game, and the dual bow and arrow was just dull as anything i have ever seen.<br /><br />next movie you decide to make try investing in some wireless mics, better script and try actually spending some time on your stunts.<br /><br />honestly there are shows on t.v. that play ever night and are thrown together in a few hours that look better than this one.<br /><br />stick to martial arts (unless its as poor as your acting) then take up quilting.as i said, sometimes low budget is good. you get to see a good movie without a lot of the extra bs that can hide an otherwise piece of crap. well...this was that piece of crap. if anything, i thought it had humor, unfortunately the humor was unintentional. the only half-witted acting came from bill smith and his part was cut out (that's a joke). there was never a bill smith, nor was there anyone cast who could act. even gerald okamura sucked, and he's been cast in nearly 40 movies. the fight scenes were comical and made me feel like i could kick all their $%#@#$. the sound was horrible, as if all sound was recorded on the set. my 10 year old could have written a better script...btw, my 10 year old fell asleep...no kidding. i give a b+ to editing for cutting the movie to only 90 minutes...60 minutes would have been an a+.do not avoid this movie. simply because it is so bad that it is absolutely hilarious. it possibly is the worst movie i have ever seen but it was so bad that my friends and i were able to laugh at every single moment of this film. at times we actually debated whether it was this bad on purpose but we're pretty sure that it is not. characters appear out of nowhere as if they have already been established, the scenery changes mid scene to this warehouse constantly, and the vampire assassin ends up having around 6 climactic fights with enemies before finally getting to the head vampire. you will also be able to enjoy the one and only face of the vampire assassin as he never changes his expression despite his obvious attempts to. so if you want to watch a movie that will make you laugh histerically then i suggest this one as long as you go in with an open mind. don't expect a good movie, expect the worst... and it will be even worse than that. i seriously want to buy this movie and place it atop my comedy movie selection. right next to anchorman.this movie actually almost made me cry.<br /><br />for starters the fake teeth. then you spot a nice plastic or drawn set. to make it even more boring all the action is followed by a bright light flash. then the talking: sound levels are so different, sometimes too hard, then too soft, never exactly good like in good movies. also, it echoes so much that i think they had one microphone on the entire set. and to make matters worse, ever heard of stereo? if the camera switches, the sound always stays centered. the actors talk like they are reading from a board staged behind the camera. and the zooming into another scene, how terrible childish.<br /><br />the music is so badly chosen that it never adds something. it only destroys any accidentally created excitement.<br /><br />to finish it up, the fighting scenes... my 3 year old niece would make a better fighting scene.<br /><br />this movie is not even good for a laugh, it's just that bad...this really is a film of two halves. the first detailing the lives and friendship of two boys (one a privileged pashtun and the other a down-trodden hazara) in late 70s afghanistan before the invasion by the ussr works extremely well. the young actors turn in convincing performances and seeing afghanistan as it once was throws the present situation there into stark relief.<br /><br />the real problem comes when we move into the later phase of the story where we join the pashtun as a man living in america. ancient debts to his young friend lead him to return to his homeland and it is really at this point that things break down. the central adult character is clearly supposed to be sympathetic, but in fact comes across as wimpish and wallowing in self pity. it is hard to really care for him and one cannot help but feel that the really interesting story is the one we do not get to see - that of his boyhood friend.<br /><br />once he returns to afghanistan the narrative becomes bogged down in a series of highly contrived coincidences. most remarkably he manages to come across his childhood enemy after all these years almost immediately (even though he is not looking for him), despite the chaos that has since consumed the country. this enables him to confront past demons in a way that is simply too convenient to be credible. the resolution of the narrative is also run through with an awful, mawkish sentimentality which undermines any really serious points the film may be trying to make.<br /><br />although it is possible to start seeing characters and the abuses of their lives as symbols of a state which has been torn apart by world politics it is hard to really see this as a film which engages with any wider political discussion. instead the narrative becomes reduced to one character's emotional journey of self discovery and healing. unfortunately this character is so dull and wrapped up in himself that it is hard to really become engaged in his story, while opportunities to make a really interesting film about afghanistan itself are wasted.i don't really know where to start here.just imagine a movie that is so bad in every way from the acting to the props to the story that it makes you angry. this is one of the worst movies that i have ever seen and that is saying a lot because i have seen some bad ones. when i saw this movie i knew it was a blade knock off, but i thought that hey its got kung fu and vampires, a combination that i thought could not fail. that is until i popped this into my dvd player. how ron hall managed to mess up something as cool as vampires and martial arts is beyond me. first the acting. i didn't expect to much here to begin with because its an action movie and a b one at that, but the acting here is so bad i couldn't help but be bothered by it. expressions and vocal tones were way out of place, there was absolutely no emotion in almost the entire film and when there was it was so laughable it thought i was watching mad tv.for example that girly man scream derek lets out when he has to kill master kao who should have never been born in the first place. all in all i've seen better acting at elementary school plays.then there is the action. not even sub par compared to the things that have been done in action cinema as of late. but still the action was not a total let down as ron hall does seem to posses some martial arts skills. but even the skill he does have is over shadowed by the stupid things he does, for instance the part of the movie where he starts spinning and then the camera changes. i almost ripped a pillow in half.and the fight scene where his prison buddy fights off vampires by swinging his arms at them. wow.or how about the part in the jail where derek all of a sudden knows magic and can preform chants that make tap water holy water. and as far as the props go. the guns look like walmart toys, the teeth were stolen from halloween costumes, and words cant describe how bad the cg graphics are. i could go on for hours about all the things wrong with this movie and trust me this is just the tip of the iceberg. its only getting a 2 because it made me laugh. even though i was laughing at how badly the movie was done, a laugh is a laugh. i would say steer clear of vampire assassin unless you want to laugh at a horrible movie or are planning on getting tortured for long periods of time and want to practiceit's 2005, my friends...a time of amazing special effects and an age of technology. so, why can't we see a movie that's a little more thought out than this cheesy low-budget film. i've seen a lot of low-budget movies that rock my socks off, but this one...it's almost as if it's trying to be horrible. just...don't...watch it. i can look past lack of special effects and computer generated scenes if the acting itself was at least good. i feel like a small child produced this entire movie. there's not even an original plot line. vampire assassins, in itself is one big plot hole with an attempt to mock itself. can someone tell me if, perhaps, this was designed as a comedy movie and i just didn't know it? it makes me wonder, what does the sequel have in store for us who so loved the first installment?i rented this movie expecting it to suck, and it didn't let me down. i rented it with some friends as a joke. but, what we got was worse than anyone could ever imagine.<br /><br />it starts off sucking before you even take it out of the box. it looks like a blade rip-off and the guy on the cover is nowhere to be found in the movie. its called vampire assassin, but isn't an assassin someone who kills for hire? well this guy kills the of his own volition, so that doesn't make him an assassin.<br /><br />then, when you actually put the disk in it gets worst. first off the menu animation is lame. but, when you actually start the movie every thing from the set design to the lighting (or lack thereof) is terrible. you know a movie is bad when the credits even suck. the acting is laughable. the action is childish. the writing is elementary. and the directing is the worst>a dark, yet humorous tale involving a cop who has a first hand experience with vampires and decides he must quit his job to pursue these evil beings.most of the film contained questionable acting,plot, props, and filming. the fight scenes were as hokey as a middle schooler's rendition of a wwii battle. the lines delivered were spoken as if the actors had no motivation for being there. the props were bad because they did not even look like they could function in the slightest amount. the majority of the film appeared to be shot in someones basement (in some scenes you could see the rafters overhead in a scene that was not supposed to look like that of a basement). the plot had no motivation to move forward or go backwards, it just appeared to stand still at times with no reason for some characters actions. i felt at times the sounds effects were out of place for this horror type genre and more of a cartoon series. it is similar to the movie blade, in that he is an african american vampire hunter. however, that is where all similarities end, and the movie looks closer to a saturday night live spoof.i've spent a year deployed in iraq, and amongst the hundreds of movies i've seen here was this little gem called vampire assassin. judging from the cover (african-american with corn-rows with a curved blade, leather coat and the demeanor of a badass), i expected a blade rip-off. fair enough.<br /><br />so i pop it in and observed a borderlined overweight african-american with no blade, no cornrows and, well, nothing at all really except...i don't know. if you've read any of these other reviews, you get the gist of the flick. it sucks. bad. really bad.<br /><br />i don't know if it was the highlander-esquire lightning after killing an immortal vampire, or the karate-kick sound effects for camera zooms, or the twenty dollar budget on props, or the "ok, we have 90 minutes to film this before we're caught filming in a johnson & johnson parking lot," or the martial arts that is as exciting and fast-paced as two old people having sex, or the 7th grade acting talent, or the eccentric asian master who's either senial or on acid, or what, but the movie manages to force you to question your existence. and that's awesome.<br /><br />not many movies can be so bad that your head will explode like scanners. if you heckle (or mst3k) with your friends, this is the flick for you. i've seen it three times already, and i think it might've caused permanent damage on my psyche. if you still don't have any clue as to the quality of the film, people were trying to give it away for free and no one would take it. not even by force.<br /><br />long story short, watch it. either as masochistic pleasure or punishment. it will rock your skull (and for the most part, for all the wrong reasons).ron hall pulls a triple threat as he writes, directs and stars in 'vampire assassins'. derek washington (hall) is your clichã©d cop-on-a-mission who finds himself up to his neck in some nasty vampire action. tossing away his badge he searches for the last vampire slayer (no not buffy!) to take back the streets and vanquish the bloodsuckers back to the grave.<br /><br />'vampire assassins' is a horrible film. it rips off so many other films (can you say blade?) that it never even attempts to establish it's own identity. the script is non existent. the action is horrible. who says a micro-budget stimulates creativity? there is nothing even remotely interesting here. you will get nothing out of this except a headache. stay away at all costs.in a world full of films -- like "you got served" -- that blow your mind with its vast amounts of errors, you'd never figure that there would be worse films... until now. ron hall's "vampire assassins" does more than cheese you off. it knows that you are mad at it. first: there are no assassins in this movie. in fact, there's only one good guy fighting in the whole movie. second: the location... is basically one location: some jackass's house (or basement. it's up to you.). third: the special effects (bluntly stated) can kiss my ass. fourth: the acting beats "plan 9 from outer space" in the worst-acting-ever category. ron hall can't act to save his life. finally (and definitely not the smallest problem): the editing. the person who edited this film better hope that i never find him. the cuts and shots are horrendous!!!! other issues: lighting (virtually none), the fact that the guy on the cover isn't even in the movie, and the fact that this film exists.<br /><br />to sum this film up, let us just say that i tortured the dvd copy before taking it back to hollywood video (don't worry! i used the mvp membership, so it was free!). never see this film!!!!everyone knows that late night movies aren't oscar contenders. fine. i mean i'll admit that i was a bit tipsy and bored and figured i'd get to some skin-a-max. it's pretty bad when the info on the tv guide channel makes fun of the movie in the description. it even gave it half a star. to be fair, i did sit throw the whole thing cause man it was soooooooooo bad. i couldn't stop laughing. i mean the words coming out of these people mouth and how they were trying to be serious. most of the time i think the people on the screen were trying their hardest to not to laugh. in fact i think in one scene they did laugh. anyways the movie didn't make sense. it was like that one sopranos episode with the fat gay guy. only the sopranos is great show. but it was terrible, i mean, no nudity, just sex scenes out of the 90's. you know the kind that use shadows and silhouettes instead of flesh. i gave it a two cause this flick makes for a good drinking game movie. i mean with all the cheese, it helps to get the wine out. if its late at night, and all that is on tv is this and that tony little guy and his exercise bike, then i suggest tony little.there are some great canadian films. there are some crappy ones. last night, i watched one of the crappy ones. it wasn't the typical canadian film where it tried to be so different by being arty. this film tried to be some type of hollywood gangster movie. it was terrible.<br /><br />from the beginning i had a sense that it would be a bad movie. it had some of the cheesiest dialouge a movie can have. there was this voice over for one scene and then it never returned. that always bugs me, when filmmakers just use voice over when they can't think of another creative way to tell a story.<br /><br />i know being in the canadian film industry, i should support my fellow brothers, but this movie is junk. the premise is something like a soprano's episode only not realistic. some banker's mafia boss dad is on his death bed and orders the son to make the business legit. not so original. and the workers complain about it, but they just take the fact that they will soon be out of jobs like nothing. to make it legit they use extortion. irony. but not the good kind. then some freak show girl who had an awful elvis wig and birthmark that covered half of her face robs the main character and kinda rapes him. anyways, this guy for whatever reason now likes to dress up as girls. then this banker hooks up with a hooker, when he has a beautiful future wife at home. but he falls for the hooker because the hooker dresses like a man and puts make-up on him. she blackmails him with some photos of him wearing bra and panties. yet, he still loves her. he also has no reason to leave his fiancã©, but he does in order to be with the hooker.<br /><br />for a movie about organize crime and sexual fetish, there was neither action nor sex. it was like a late night cinemax porn movie without the good stuff. the would-be sex scenes weren't hot or sexy. it was all too amateurish. the movie had nothing going for it, just the lame plot.<br /><br />i don't think it was the actor's fault. i think they had a terrible script to work with. what stuck out the most was the ridiculous characters. the bad guy's name was uncle bunny or something. but the name wasn't important. it was they all were clichã©. the dialouge was laughable throughout the movie, and fellow movie-goers laughed aloud at some of the movies "serious" moments. then, the worst of it all. it had to be the cheapest ending. if you can ever remember playing shoot out as a kid with either imaginary guns or toy guns. that was basically the ending of the movie. but i was more than happy it ended, and i had to warn my fellow canadians to not waste time or money watching this film.what can be said about a movie about a cross dressing gangster? not that much. with the average indie style film-making, this film has the timing all wrong. editing is just awful. as far as the gangster story, it might have been pulled off if the gangsters didn't lack character. everyone just seemed to be there for some sort of punch line. none of which were funny. the usual suspects in this film are the hooker with the heart of gold, the dying mafia father that wishes his son would make his business legit, the best friend with the "zany" one-liners. but the main character, the gangster that likes to dress up like a girl. only his motivation for dressing up like a girl is that he got mugged by a woman? weird. the ending of the movie had to be the nail in the coffin. it was anti-climatic to say the least. i mean i understand how indie filmmakers don't have the equipment for a proper shot out, but they might as well been using water guns. overall, i would say the hype leading up to it, (red carpet premiere in vancouver), it was a disappointment.i got a kick out of reynolds saying to his attorney, "look,i've done a lot of shi%ty thing in my life, but i never killed anyone." obviously he forgot about his career which slid down hill after he started making stupid movies like 'cannonball run.' physical evidence was originally supposed to be a sequel to 'the jagged edge' that glen close sanely rejected. the verdict is in, avoid physical evidence.a blatant rip-off of "air bud", this movie is really about parents worrying too much about parenting. all the foibles of the characters (eg; adult coaches who dont know the game) are taken to the extreme- so much so that they are totally unbelievable, not funny.<br /><br />there is no semblance of reality here, folks and you'll not develop sympathy for any of the characters.<br /><br />the best thing about the movie is the good looking kits (uniforms) of the opposing team in the first game the dog plays. perhaps chosen because the setting is supposedly near arlington heights, il, the home of the columbus crew's franchise player, brian mcbride.this stinker is in mystifyingly frequent rotation on one channel here, and i've found myself watching in horror again and again. the script is like something one would come up with friends over several too many drinks, and the production values match admirably.<br /><br />it's meant to be a children's movie, but features a grotesque (and poorly explained) kidnapping scene; the star dog has a lack of star quality equaled only by the other actors; and it in general has the look of being filmed in someone's backyard (the climactic soccer game features no more than three dozen extras sadly cheering in the background).<br /><br />it even all wraps up with a budget-ran-out voice-over sequence when the story, to one's relief, simply stops. the high-raters here must be either the producers - or the majority of the extras from the soccer game!even my five year old was bored.<br /><br />very predictable, and overacted. this movie couldn't make up it's mind as to whether it was slapstick, or wry commentary on the state of "pee -wee" sports.<br /><br />characters were underdeveloped, could have done more with the connection between father and son both coming from an orphanage.<br /><br />did not like the reference regarding the goalie slipping the laxative to his teammate...very mean spirited for a kid's movie.<br /><br />typical "mafia" behavior was boring and stereotypical.<br /><br />the dog, however, was so darn cute!!!!ok, we were going along with the stereotypical bad orphanage experience and explaining to our son, adopted from russia, that this was over-the-top acting and dramatization, so we could get to the dog playing soccer (since he plays soccer). but the last scene, in which the dog goes back to his original owner put my son over the edge and he cried for 15-20 minutes, "he's been replaced!!!!" this from an elementary child. i do not recommend this movie to any family that has an adopted child; it displays adoption, orphanages and adults badly--and in the end, even though they win the game--the dog that the boy bonded with has to leave--and this is too much. please be wary if you have any adopted children, and beware families with biological children, because the impression of children who are adopted is not positive and paints a stereotype that is unhealthy and nasty. (the dog is cute, but not enough to save our family's reaction to this movie....)the worst movie i've ever seen, and i've seen allot. acting is horrible, plot is awful, idea is terrible, and no research was done what's so ever! ok, i admit, `air bud' was a pretty good movie, but not `soccer dog'. this "dog" is smaller than my cat! how can he possibly play soccer? even for 10 years old kids it won't be a problem to kick the ball hard enough to brake the stupid dog in half! it's horrible, don't watch this movie.what i wouldn't do to give this film a re-write. extra disappointing due to the great beginning, solo dios sabe degenerates into a mess of superstitious bull after the halfway point and ends on a note so ludicrous, soppy and melodramatic i couldn't believe i was watching the same movie i started with. the film had numerous elements in its favor, such as chemistry between diego luna and alice braga so palpable i thought the screen would start sparking, a great soundtrack, and beautiful locations. instead of ending with the heavy-handed religious mumbo jumbo, the film should have kept the focus on being a frothy road movie with maybe some undertones about fate and superstition vs. logic peppered through. i understand the director's entire intent with the film was to make it about religion, but the fact is that it just didn't work, and he threw away so much great stuff from the beginning by doing so.i thought the this film had an interesting name and just might have proved thought provoking, but was i wrong. this film was boring, especially in the beginning and the middle parts. i cannot comment on the ending because i just couldn't stand watching the whole film. the premise of signing a student researcher just because he walks into your lab makes no sense. this student had an interesting type of moving robot in his apartment and sadly enough this non living thing is more interesting than the characters in this film. so if you are having trouble with sleep then i recommend that you rent this film.this movie was disappointing. after 15 years, when it was brought back to mind from reviewing some info about mariel hemingway, all the regrets i felt about the movie came rolling back. while i remember peter o'toole, i was entirely oblivious to the fact that the female "lead" (okay, - she was little more than an object for discussion in the storyline) was ms. hemingway. i saw this movie back in the days when i wrote movie reviews, and warned people off it, as the stories just didn't work, and fifteen years of my subconscious trying to sort things out still hasn't made sense of the flow of the ideas.<br /><br />part of this may have to do with the fact that it looked like, after the original movie (whatever it was about) was filmed, an editor came in and tried to piece together something out of it. i don't know if this had been a project of a previous studio boss, and so was sabotaged to discredit him or her by the successor, or this was a disaster from the original screenplay that attempts to salvage were unsuccessful. the theatrical version just didn't work.this movie is at times a wild 80s college sex comedy, others a sweet romantic one... then it has moments of serious drama and then sprinkles in dashes of science fiction... it is so uneven its almost ridiculous.<br /><br />but i would hardly rank it as one of the worst films i've ever seen except of course for the fact that they casted peter o'toole.<br /><br />there is absolutely nothing for him to work with here. poor dialog, poor performances to work off of, poor everything... and yet he's fantastic... there is not one good thing about his part and yet he makes it work if only on pure charm alone.<br /><br />the fact that he was so able to achieve so much with so little shines a spotlight on how greatly everyone else in this film failed, making it seem even worse than i suppose it actually is...<br /><br />if any other actor was in o'toole's role, i would have forgotten this movie as crap and never thought of it again, but a fine performance by peter o'toole despite all odds ensures that i'll remember this film for a long time to come... if only as a film that, maybe, could have been good if anyone involved in it was nearly half as good as peter o'toole.i really tried to like this film about a doctor who has the possibility of a new life with a young woman if he can comes to terms with the death of his wife. i suppose this was to play like a quirky light romantic comedy but the theme is a little uncomfortable for me.<br /><br />but putting that aside, i found the dialog was too much like a stage play despite being based on a novel and also,the mediocre acting was embarrassing to watch especially by the young lead vincent spano.<br /><br />i have been sort of trying to catch up on all the eighties movies i missed during that decade. it has been my pet peeve that eighties nostalgia buffs seem to focus on the same core canon of films usually featuring the brat pack actors and actresses and neglecting the other films like creator that have fallen through the cracks. but in the case of this feature i have to say i can understand it. not all of these eighties films were magical and creator is proof of this.physical evidence is one of those films that you want to like but really should be a lot better than it actually is. developed as a sequel to jagged edge for glenn close and robert loggia, it gives the impression that all involved only made it while they were waiting for something better to come along. the premise is perfectly serviceable, it's mostly technically efficient if horribly uninspired with even henry mancini's musacky score surprisingly pleasant, but you can't help feeling that things would have turned out better if one of the leads had turned out to be the killer (as is rumoured was originally the case). as the opening scene of his little-seen, personally disastrous heat (1986) showed, reynolds has all the makings of a great screen villain. as is, there are few surprises and a feeling of half-hearted filming by numbers as it builds up a head of intertia as it ambles disinterestedly towards a less than grand will-this-do? finale.<br /><br />reynolds is fine, sailing through on charisma in what is clearly a star vehicle. unfortunately, the same cannot be said of theresa russell. an impressive and fearless actress in husband nic roeg's films which allow her to delve into the darker side of human nature, she's trapped in a part that requires star quality rather than depth, and she ain't got it in spades. she doesn't fluff her lines or bump into the other actors, but that's about all that can be said in favour of her astonishingly stilted and often amateurish performance that lets the film down badly. aside from ned beatty's prosecutor the supporting cast add only a slightly surreal presence in a boston where everyone seems to have a badly disguised canadian accent and the streets bear a startling resemblance to toronto and montreal.<br /><br />likewise, director michael crichton, who in westworld, coma and the first great train robbery showed that he knew how to lean an audience to the edge of their seats, seems to handle the action in a purely perfunctory fashion - indeed, in one brief chase the shots don't even match and seem thrown together almost arbitrarily. the climax itself has no flair and is completely bereft of threat or danger, and many scenes are played for far less than they are worth. it's no great surprise that, aside from uncredited reshoots on the 13th warrior, crichton hasn't directed since.<br /><br />its watchable enough in an 80s tv movie sort of way, even if it never lives up to the promise of its opening. whether that's enough of a reason to see it is down to individual taste.seagal fans beware- he does no action scenes until almost an hour into this mess. instead, seagal runs away from numerous fights, letting ja rule convincingly lose every battle. actually, ja rule could be an up and coming action star, but hollywood needs to let him at least hit puberty (which should happen in a few more years...) also, what sort of commando/terrorist wears a bare-midriff outfit? the chick in this atrocity looks like a backup singer for christina aguilera.back to seagal- when he finally does cut loose, it's his stunt double (heavily padded to resemble the bloated seagal) doing a lot of the work & taking the falls. i don't remember any aikido, either. it's just your standard kicks & punches you'd see in any straight-to-video martial arts turkey. not even "so-bad-it's-funny", either. just plain dull...steven segal has done some awful films, but this is probably one of the best since his career took a dive about ten years ago. the cast is better than usual, and while the story and the plot are a total joke, at least most of the action scenes look pretty good.<br /><br />the plot is probably one of the worst in film history. someone is being executed because he stole some money? some mercenary types kidnap a supreme court justice? their goal is to exchange the judge for the prisoner so they can find out where he has the money? meanwhile the execution chamber is full of trap doors and false floors and looks like a set from one of the cirque du soleil circus shows.<br /><br />then there is the issue of the prison. here, the warden is a homie, played by tony plana. the prisoners all have their gang colors and signs, and the guards are there to serve the meals and keep the prison clean. nothing like a bunch of prisoners fighting and beating up some guards while the warden is watching. what happens? the warden gives them a stern talking to. he might punish them next time.<br /><br />there are a lot of moments in this movie that are good for laughs. however, nia peeples looks pretty good, and ja rule tries to be an action hero. lots of fun watching the prisoners all "do the right thing" and get armed so that they can free the supreme court justice from her captors. regardless of how bad half past dead may be, when you watch it keep in mind that it is easily the best movie that steven segal has starred in since under siege in 1992.every now and then some amateur will come out with a tired piece of action film making. this one is just so wrong i don't think i even need to comment about the plot, acting, script, camera work. because it have none!! if putting a muscle guy in cool leather jacket walking in slow-mo and throw in a funky rap song is the main ingredient of making a great action movie, then sayonara action movie!!half past dead was unlike any steven segal film i've ever seen. very little of segal, himself in action and i agree with the last review i read, nia peeples steals the show.<br /><br />i saw nothing really new here, just the same old stuff from other flicks changed around a little. the best action scenes were nia's as she once again kicked butt. it was interesting seeing her as the bad guy after watching her for two seasons on walker, texas ranger, still kicking butt, but for the good guys.<br /><br />steven segal's movie career is a tribute to horrible cinema. i have been tragically bored with every one of them as soon as i realized that they were even more unrealistic than jean claude vandamme's. has anyone else ever noticed that he never gets hit?! i mean, give me something to root for...a hard fought battle with a bad guy who's scary. twenty years and he's still filming the same fight scenes. fight scenes can often distract you from the fact that your hero cannot act. the boring choreography of a segal film places his painful lack of acting skill in sharp relief. worse yet, he's woefully out of shape. just what we need, a fat stiff who thinks he's a leading man. there's not one iota of redeeming cinematic value in all this movies ninety or so minutes. do not watch this unless you feel like throwing away an hour and a half of your life.i saw this movie yesterday, and like most allrdy wrote "i also expected a steven movie", god i love this guy just because his fighting style is unique and very humerous. in had a little doubts cause i read that "ja rule" was playing in it, but i thought hopefully they give him a smal role, so i don't get irritations by watching him. and offcourse the opposite happend, goooooooooooooooooooood steven what the heck were you thinking going to join a sry *** crew like this. steven was broke and needed cash? bah =( what a big dissapointment. if you like steven movie, pleaseee skip this one its pure drama, you only get a few special effects that made me vote 3/10. but the "acting?" of ja rule screws up the whole movie aswel for his buddy kurupt with his irritating hood talk.<br /><br />my beer went from tasting fresh to water we do the dishes in. the story didn't had any "good" about it. to me it felt like a 3 year old produced it.<br /><br />hopefully steven makes me happy again in a future movie. people this isn't even worth renting simpel as that.<br /><br />to bad and pitty :-)(spoiler warning) i seem to keep giving this guy his last chance. strange how an action hero who once was keeps attracting an audience. anyway, this movie is about a character (seagal) being kind of a mysterious rough-neck hero. that's it.<br /><br />next.this is, for different reasons, a very very bad action movie. first of all, seagal is terribly out of shape. he looks old and fat, plays like he has to fulfill an annoying obligation and his fight scenes require creative editing or plain replacement. secondly, his opponent is a very weak villain. this is about a smart and mean masterbrain and chestnut does not deliver. so what about the action ? well, the two parties permanently shoot at each other in different locations of the alcatraz jail. they shoot wild and bad, because compared to the amount of required ammunition, the bodycount is rather low. there is nothing to save this movie. there is not a single good line and not a single good joke. the little psychological interlude with 49er one and judge mcpherson is ridiculous. so what does it have? well, the usual bell helicopters, silhouettes moving in blue light and slow motion, doors riddled with bullets and 1000 watt lights shining through the holes, characters jumping through the air while shooting, loads of weapons coming from nowhere, a long black coat containing a bold black guy and a thin wooden box containing 25 tons of gold. the pain continues to the very last take, a hopeless approach to lighten up the closing credits. californian beachboy don michael paul was writing and directing. at least this mountain of boredom comes from just one simple mind.my take: steven seagal is obviously too boring to be a lead in an action thriller, even a totally dull one. <br /><br />remember steven seagal? you don't? don't worry, there's not much to catch up on. after starring in admittedly enjoyable crowd-pleasing films like under siege and executive decision, seagal hits the low grounds of the bad movie abyss. now, he stars in low-budgeted b-level action vehicles, some of which are made-for-tv "movie of the week" entries that lost their way to the big screen. half past dead is among these, shall we say, dead action movies. a loud and lousy action film, sloppily directed and lazily written (and worse, badly acted). this is one of those bad movies that i don't need to watch until the ending to know it's bad. i didn't have the guts to have all my braincells die while wasting my time with this. it it this kind of bad films in which you realize, those other films you hate are not bad after all.<br /><br />the plot (and the locale) is completely lifted from a similar picture, michael bay's the rock, although similar may not be the word to describe it. both movies are summer movies, and not meant to be taken so seriously. but in comparison, even the rock (which isn't much in the writing department as much as the lights and sounds) has better characters, a more compelling plot, better action sequences and overall, a more entertaining atmosphere. although there are action scenes in half past dead, none of them are exciting. all of which are sometimes tedious and predictable.<br /><br />although predictability seemed to be a welcome asset in summer action films, predictability has never tasted more sour in ones that aren't fun, and half past dead is never really fun, a lot of times it's just a pain in the head (hearing the bad rap music repeat over and over again throughout this film makes me yearn for an aspirin every second i hear them). the acting is horrendously mediocre, the plot is derivative, with no compelling or appealing characters whatsoever. seagal's character, an undercover agent sent to alcatraz to stop a criminal mastermind (morris chestnut), a very boring villain, is nothing to get excited about. seagal's character is also provided with a sidekick (played by rap star ja rule) and a bunch of amigo inmates, and there's no chemistry going on here.<br /><br />if starring in a series of other forgotten action vehicles (what were those films again?) killed of seagal's career for good, half past dead is overkill. and audiences be warned: you're invited to feel the pain. advice: avoid it at all costs.<br /><br />rating: 0 out of 5.as if the world needed another seagal movie. add a bunch of actors who, well... are not really actors, a bunch of heavy metal music to compliment the rap and of course, a hot looking crazy chick in leather with no hips, and we prevent ourselves from being half past budget. why, oh why do people sabotage themselves by participating in such films?<br /><br />fbi capture two buddies and send them to "new alcatraz," where the prison's first inmate to be executed has unexpected guests.<br /><br />first rate acting all around, particularly any scene involving tragedy for the good guys. seriously though, the director did try, and pulled a modern, hard edge for the movie the best he could. be he went to the well too often and half past dead gets boring too soon. what else can you do when the inmates just hang around talking while the hostages continually ask what makes the main bad guy motivated? a mindless action flick that amounts to little, if not "a-ight."most lorne michaels films seem to fail because they're essentially just extended versions of skits that barely managed to make people laugh in five-minute segments. "tommy boy" is a character right from "snl" - a big fat lovable (in their opinion) goof who doesn't know anything.<br /><br />david spade gets the thankless overwhelmed everyman role. he's paired with the annoying overweight slob and they endure miserable misfortunes as they travel cross country to save daddy's business.<br /><br />the plot, for starters, is really faulty. the whole premise - daddy dies and rich stupid son has to save the family biz - can be traced back to just about any movie you want. like any snl style film it is reduced to a simple motivation - empty, shallow; just a reason to see a fat guy and a thin guy be "funny" together.<br /><br />the movie's biggest "influence" is the 1987 comedy classic "planes, trains & automobiles." that movie is great because the plot isn't stale and recycled. it's basic, yeah - a guy traveling home for thanksgiving gets stuck with a slob. but it's real, dammit. it makes all the difference. the characters are real, the situations are far more real. "tommy boy" is pure slapstick and its ridiculous situations undermine the characters - we feel nothing for them, and we don't care about what's happening on-screen. "pta" walked the careful line between outrageous and utterly believable and relate-able - "tommy boy" is simply absurd, with jokes like a simple deer-in-the-headlights turning into a crash turning into a struggle with a dead deer that really isn't dead, then awakens and wrecks their car.<br /><br />the whole wrecked car thing is stolen completely from "pta" and it's eerie how much stuff in this film actually does resemble the steve martin/john candy movie.<br /><br />farley is simply way too obnoxious to find likable - i've never enjoyed watching him in any movies and this hasn't changed my mind. spade's given very little to do, serving as the movie's most thankless character.<br /><br />dan aykroyd is wasted as the evil baddie who plans to destroy daddy's business. the ending is a joke, and not in a "har-har funny" way. more like a "oh god are they serious?!" way.<br /><br />some people dig it, that's cool. but i just can't get into it, nor do i appreciate all the stuff it "borrows" from - not just counting "pt&a" - without any credit whatsoever.the best thing about the movie is the name, as it both describes the plot and the acting. at least they cannot say they didn't warn you... kind of like the button labeled, "don't push this".<br /><br />segal must have run out of things that move like planes, trains, and ships but the plot remains the same. under cover guy who fights slowly, but still beats like 40 mercenary types and doesn't even blink when doing so. what amazes me is that segal is now as big as a barn and the bad guys still cannot hit him in a hallway with a machine gun and 50 clips of ammo. where do all these bullets actually go to? the only redeeming feature of this movie is watching nia peeples pound ja rule (real name jeffrey atkins doesn't quite sound so punk) into the floor. i could spend days watching that woman kick her foot over her shoulder like that... especially wearing an outfit like that! it was just a bonus watching jeffy get is *ss kicked, and fun hoping one of those kicks actually landed. sorry, it's just time we get stupid wannabe tough guy can't act rappers out of the movies. pleeeeease! who came up with idea anyway? i'd lay odds it was the person who decided that cameron diaz and drew barrymore would pass as witty athletic angels.<br /><br />the only surprising twist in this movie is that they don't do the politically correct thing and have jeffy come in and save the day. no doubt if snoop (otherwise known by his momma as calvin broadus which again doesn't sound so cool when you refer to him as cal) had been in the movie, he'd throw some signs down on her and probably saved segal's life or something.yeah, a long time ago it turned into a tourist attraction. now it's a prison again. kind of. well, it's more like an airport mixed together with a junior high school but there are lots of guys running around wearing orange jumpsuits, so i guess in that way it's like a prison. not really though. when sasha, steven seagal's character, is being admitted into prison, he's standing shackled in line and wanders over to a different line so he can talk to his friend, like he's in line for the security check at the airport. then before too long he and his friend are throwing punches, smacking around a couple of security guards.<br /><br />let me tell you something. you assault a corrections officer in a federal prison, they'll shoot you on the spot. ja rule would have been shot about 30 times before he threw his second punch. oh, and there are guys wearing beanies and bandanas and whatnot. in prison. federal prison.<br /><br />you can't dress like that at most high schools in america.<br /><br />speaking of ja rule, i have to say that the person who probably enjoyed his performance more than anyone else on earth, including ja rule himself, had to have been 50 cent. just before i watched this movie i saw one of those shows on tv about the greatest celebrity feuds ever, and like number 7 or 8 was this rivalry between 50 cent, who had lived the thug life for real, and ja rule. who had not. every time i saw ja rule on screen the only thing i could picture was 50 cent laughing his ass off. ja rule looks like a rowdy 9-year-old every time he appears on screen.<br /><br />anyway, getting back to the plot. it's funny. sasha is an fbi agent working undercover and he agrees to let himself be sentenced to prison so he can get behind the criminal organization. he's sentenced to five years, and that old line between determination and stupidity instantly vanishes. nothing else in the movie matters after that, it becomes a meaningless string of action sequences, most of which aren't even well choreographed.<br /><br />oh, how about this, a helicopter crashes through the roof of "new alcatraz" at one point, accidentally freeing all of the inmates. and what do they do? they all run out of their cells and play basketball in the middle of the cell block. without so much as a basket. they had a ball, but it doesn't matter. the scene is so stupid they might as well have been playing hopscotch.<br /><br />so some guy is being sentenced to be the first person ever to be executed in alcatraz's state of the art execution chamber, evidently not for stealing $200 million dollars in gold, but for not telling where it was hidden once he was caught.<br /><br />hey, good thinking, people. if you can't get information out of someone, kill them. that's a great way to learn the truth! so some gang breaks into the prison planning to stop the execution and get the location of the $200 million for themselves.<br /><br />oh and the $200 million is in gold bricks. i doubt they thought ahead to how difficult it would be to turn that into exchangeable currency.<br /><br />there's also the issue of the warden at the prison. he's some tough-talking vato who thinks he's a hardcore chollo from the barrio, which reminds me of a joke. i saw this comedian once talking about people in california who talk all tough calling each other ese and homes and all kinds of other such nonsense. these people go to mexico, the comedian says, and they're like, "oh my god! people live there? that's like, a total shack!"<br /><br />the best is when the united states supreme court justice arrives and this guy tells her that her men can't carry their guns inside his prison, "i don't care if she is a united states supreme court justice!"<br /><br />this woman could squish him like a grape and he thinks he's in charge. ha.<br /><br />and by the way, the supreme court justice that gets taken as a hostage in the movie tells the bad guy that she is 53. that's a year younger than steven seagal. i just thought that was funny.<br /><br />the only good scene in the movie is the one in the prison where ja rule is getting slapped around the prison like a sack of cotton balls by this little asian woman. that was the funniest thing i've seen in a movie in a long, long time.<br /><br />you know, i work for the company that produced this film (which i why i watched it), and i still don't have a single positive thing to say about it, except, of course, for that one scene with ja rule getting spanked by that asian woman.<br /><br />so read my review of malena and you will see how strongly i sometimes disagree with professional film critics like roger ebert, but in his review of this movie ebert wrote something that i agreed with as much as anything else he's ever written:<br /><br />"i imagine the flywheels at the mpaa congratulating each other on a good day's work as they rated 'half past dead' pg-13, after giving the anti-gun movie 'bowling for columbine' an r."<br /><br />way to go, guys.oh dear! what can i say about half past dead? i was really disappointed in it. i was thinking....a steven seagal movie! cool! we'll get to see him kick people and flip people and break bones. we might even get to see him have a stick fight with somebody! excellent!<br /><br />however, i was in for a rude awakening. this film can be summed up as follows:<br /><br />take an episode of the a-team, remove the lovable and roguish characters such as murdoch, hannibal, mr t and face. then get a writer/director to pen a plot even ed wood would be ashamed of and who's too big a fan of the matrix and john woo movies for his own good. throw in a bunch of people with really bad acting ability and who don't have real names. finally, add in a main star who's getting saggy around the midriff and doesn't appear to be able to do his own stunts anymore. <br /><br />the result? half past dead. an action movie so ridiculous that it at least made me smile right the way through. the plot holes are stupendously, glaringly large - for example, prisoners who, when the jail is invaded, fight the invaders rather than attempting to escape. or how about the prison itself, which has an armoury that contains heavy machineguns and rocket-propelled grenade launchers? you also have a helicopter (bearing a striking resemblance to a huey) with some kind of video game machinegun mounted in the nose.<br /><br />then there's seagal himself. i like the guy. he can fight. he's even witty in a way that jean-claude van damme will never be. but all through the movie i kept hoping for that one great, defining fight scene. never happened. instead we got people firing guns a lot and not hitting a whole hell of a lot. i mean, when someone runs down a narrow corridor and you fire a sub-machinegun at them, there isn't a whole lot of places the bullets can go other than down the corridor and into the target. yet somehow they miss? even the a-team would cringe at this foolishness. and then when it gets to any kind of one-on-one physical stuff, we get treated to a shabby matrix rip-off, without the benefit of bullet-time. people getting kicked twenty feet through the air and sundry other ludicrous acrobatic nonsense.<br /><br />c'mon steven, you're better than this. your career can't be over. say it ain't so!<br /><br />this is instantly forgettable (except i'm forcing myself to remember for the purposes of this review) and if you watch it, try to find it amusing in an a-team kind of way. but i doubt it'll be high on anyone's "re-watchable" list. out for justice this ain't. more like out to lunch.i enjoyed the first "toxic avenger," but the sequel just didn't work. there are some funny gags in the opening, involving members of the home for the blind, but past that point i was simply bored. the sequel is also filled with much quirky, low-brow humor. only this time it's not funny! much of the gags revolve around crusty japanese stereotypes. almost every japanese character seems to be chopping fish. does everyone in japan chop fish? the troma films are known for being more than a little irreverent, but if you're gonna use humor involving racial stereotypes, at least make it funny. i can't laugh if i'm handed the same crap i've seen a million times before! one thing i have to give credit for is the gratuitous nudity. there's even more gratuitous nudity than in the first. but altogether i was very disappointed, and the film ends with a tedious chase scene which had me huffing and puffing, dying for the movie to fade to black. at least there's one hilarious line from the film which had me bawling with laughter. after the villain says a line from shakespeare to one of the local citizens, the citizen (an elderly woman) responds by saying, "f**k you--that's from david mamet."<br /><br />my score: 3 (out of 10)the toxic avenger, hideously deformed creature of super-human size and strength is back in this sequel that gets mostly everything wrong. toxie goes to japan to find his father at the suggestion of his psychiatrist, whom is in cahoots with an evil corporation who just want the avenger gone to get a stranglehold on tromaville in his absence. with new actors for toxie and his girlfriend, who has a different name in this one, a much less grim, much more comical tone, and a plot line that can't hold a candle to the original. even with the totally uncut version that one can only get if you buy the tox box dvd set, the gore is the only thing going for this one. and if you happen upon any other version forget about getting any enjoyment from this one at all. while the first one is a low budget classic, this simply is not.<br /><br />my grade: d+ <br /><br />eye candy: erika schickel has a very quick nip slip; phoebe legere goes topless; one villianess gets fully nude; and a few extras in a bath house scene show various amounts of skin <br /><br />tox box unrated director's cut dvd extras: intro and commentary by director lloyd kaufman; second commentary with director lloyd kaufman, troma editors gabriel friedman and brian mcnulty; toxie on japenese tv; interview with fangoria managing editor michael gingold; interview by videohound's mike mayo; the same damn radiation march that's on every troma dvd; clip from lisa gaye; "toxie 15 years later" mockumentary; 2 psas; troma intelligence test; troma studio building tour; ad for lloyd kaufman's autobiography; stills gallery; theatrical trailer; and trailers for: "toxic avenger", "toxic avenger 3", "def by temptation", "class of nuke 'em high", "sgt. kabukiman n.y.p.d.", "tromeo and juliet", "bloodsucking freaks", & "surf nazis must die"the first toxie film was dark, gory, and hillarious. this film is un-gory battles to cheezy jazz music, no real gore at all, and the worst toxie mask i have ever seen! his deep voice is now a light, happy voice, characters from part 1 reappear by actors that look nothing like them (claire, mom junko), characters names change (claire or sara?). it is lacking all the brutal violence, dark humor, and political incorrectness of the first film. if it weren't for nudity, this movie could have been rated pg. really lame. i am a huge fan of part 1 though, just cant stand this one.gone is the wonderful campiness of the original. in place is a c-grade action no-brainer, wich is not all bad, but pales in comparison to the original. all the meaningless sex and violence is gone, and replaced with crappy jokes and unexplained plot pointers. see it, but don't expect the thrills of the first.this is the worst of the toxie series by far. the acting in tokyo is horrible and you can understand them about half the time. the major problem with this film is all the sudden changes from the original. like there's a different girl friend of toxie's in this one or it might be the same character just with a different name and played by a different chick. why is this film made like a disney movie. after about fifteen minutes it starts getting good with the gore and all. there's 2 awesome killings then the movie goes straight to poop. after the films 20 minutes are up the film is bearly entertainment. h*ll it's bearly watchable. well unless your drunk then don't watch this film. you've been warned.the toxic avenger... <br /><br />the idea of this movie is that a person that the common population would call this person a looser and then after being thrown into a barrel of toxic waste, mutated into a superhero that is completely disfigured sounded ok even for 1985. this movie is listed as a horror... i even have read of a cult following with this series.... <br /><br />now this movie even given when it was made was so bad that i couldn't stop watching... the acting is horrible even for an independent film that i think was to be the horror part of this movie...<br /><br />drug dealing, sumo, godzilla entrance.... i'm all for movies that promote anti-drugs... heck i even like godzilla and well sumo... i'm not into it but even still i think that the heights of sumo would love to give this movie the 1000 hand slap and ground salt into the eyes of the people that made this movie... <br /><br />personally i am almost ready to write to the film company that made this and ask them for the 87mins or so of my life back.<br /><br />to me 1 out of 10 is too high it's too bad that there isn't a 0 (zero) or even negative integers to place on a movie here.<br /><br />in other words this movie is j-u-n-k...... would rather watch paint dry and deal with explosive diarrhea then have to watch this movie ever again... i would be the first person that would use not only the packaging of this movie as kindling but i would be up for a good'ol movie and script burning.the toxic avenger, part ii starts with the startling revelation that after the toxic aveneger (john altamura who was apparently fired during production & replaced with ron fazio) had rid his home town tromaville of evil it actually became a nice place to live. this meant that toxie had no use as a superhero anymore & now suffers from depression & a feeling of utter uselessness (just like directors lloyd kaufman & michael herz should feel like after producing this), toxie now works as a concierge at the 'tromaville centre for the blind'. it's not long before trouble rears it's ugly head though, an evil chemical producing company called apocalypse inc. plans to take over tromaville for some stupid insignificant reason or other but to do so they need to get rid of toxie. after the evil chairman's (rick collins) first plan fails he bribes toxie's psychiatrist (erika schickel) to tell him to go to japan & see his father. leaving his girlfriend claire (phoebe legere), his mother (jessica dublin) & his home behind toxie heads for tokyo, japan. once there toxie sets about finding his father & a woman named masami (mayako katsuragi) helps him in his quest. meanwhile back in tromaville apocalypse inc. move in for the kill & without toxie the citizens are powerless to defend themselves. toxie eventually finds big mac bunko (rikiya yasuoka) whom he has been lead to believe is his father, however big mac is all part of apocalypse inc. plans to destroy toxie once & for all...<br /><br />produced & directed by lloyd kaufman & michael herz this follow up to the successful the toxic avenger (1985) basically proves the first film was a complete fluke, a lucky accident to combine the right blend of bad taste comedy, outrageous violence & so-bad-it's-good film-making, the toxic avenger, part ii is a load of crap in comparison. the script by by kaufman, phil rivio & gay partington terry with a load of 'additional material' credits does not contain one single funny moment during it's entire 102 (uncut director's cut) duration. the visual gags are terrible, toxie walking through tokyo with a wig & glasses to blend in for instance, or a scene where he heats up a bath with a bad guy in it & as he cooks toxie throws in a load of vegetable's & spaghetti, a scene where he sticks electrical wires up a woman's nose, sticks an antenna in her head & a microphone in her mouth to which a japanese radio announcer talks into, a bit where a japanese bad guy has his nose burnt into the shape of a fish, a bit where toxie grabs a swordfish head & uses it as a weapon, or the embarrassingly bad overacting & stupid idiotic facial expressions, a guy who literary has a fish for a head & gets turned literary into sushi, the awful comedy music & sound effects & the whole film in general is a pale imitation of what made the original mildly amusing & memorable. the bad taste gags aren't there this time round & the silly childish juvenile humour of the first is also missing, it just feels like a real step back from the original & lets not forget this is troma here so that is most definitely a bad thing. there are a few gory fights & some serious gore & violence, at least in the supposedly uncut 102 minute version i saw, crushed heads with the bodies spurting out blood, smashed faces, intestines, roses poked in someones eyes & thorns wrapped around their throat, ripped off ears, severed arms & a very graphic & gory scene of a man being chopped to pieces. unfortunately the special effects by pericles lewnes aren't particularly convincing & come mostly within the first twenty or so minutes. the acting is of embarrassing proportions as i've already mentioned. action wise there is an ultra cheap looking car chase at the end & a few unexciting, lacklustre fights utilising cardboard ninja throwing stars at one point. horror wise there is nothing a few gory set pieces apart. comedy wise this is very unfunny. in fact the toxic avenger, part ii sucks on all levels really & to top it all off it's atrociously made as well, most of the cast appear to be people plucked from the nearest street corner, continuity is none existent, cinematography is basic point & shoot & the special effects are anything but. one or two gory scenes apart this is total crap plain & simple, do yourself a favour watch the original again instead.this is your typical junk comedy.<br /><br />there are almost no laughs. no genuine moments. no memorable lines. no scenes where you think to yourself, "that was clever". nothing. the plot is embarrassingly bad. <br /><br />it's ugly to look at and boring as hell! there is no substance here. this movie has nothing. it doesn't matter if farely was in this or not. a crap movie is a crap movie no matter who's involved. <br /><br />also, david spade is a terribly unfunny comedian who plays the same lousy character in ever movie/tv show that he's in.<br /><br />this movie was dead on arrival. there is no life here. no fun. no intelligence. there are plenty of other "dumb" comedies more enjoyable that this one. this film is just pathetic. <br /><br />2/10i knew this was headed for disaster after looking at the clock within 7 minutes of air time. the story line: two people get married. they move into the wife's parents home. and husband doesn't get along with father-in-law-and if you haven't seen this plot before you probably have not watched tv for the last 15 years or so.this series and elon gold were being hyped as "the next big thing" in sitcoms for nbc. well, they weren't. dennis farina was terribly miscast as the father in-law. he just seemed so uncomfortable and out of place here. the term, "private 'convo' time!" was supposed to become the "dyno-mite!" catch phrase of the 21st century. well, it wasn't. people were asking then, as they still are today (when his name comes up.), "who the hell is elon gold?" i saw him on an episode of "the mentalist" this evening. i mentioned his name, and my girlfriend asked, "who?" not funny. total waste of airtime. nbc had really high hopes for this show, but it just fell flat.there were nice characters in here, played by pleasant-looking actors and actresses, plus it had a famous band and some famous dancers.....yet the film just didn't work. by the time this was almost over, i was bored to death. the dialog was dumb, the humor (mainly milton berle's) was downright stupid and the music was just not up my alley.<br /><br />i've never been a big-band fan, anyway, and if i hear "in the mood" one more time i'll puke.<br /><br />this was my first look at famous skater-actor sonja henie and i have no complaints about her. almost part of the problem, at least with the humor, is that it's so dated it isn't funny anymore. berle, phil silvers, bob hope, red skeleton, abbot & costello, etc. etc. were hilarious to the crowds in the 40s and 50s but humor changes, and what was funny back then is not today.what can i say? this was one awful movie to watch. i am normally not very critical of gay cinema in general, due to the fact that most are usually low-budget, but this really pushed me up the wall. i mean, is this was has happened to gay cinema? haven't gay producers and directors learned anything from gus van saints and ang lee's films?. just having to sit through the entire movie was like being in a dentist's chair and having my wisdom teeth extracted. i kept on praying for moments where i would feel any sort of connection with any of the characters, but that never happened. most of the characters performances were just not very convincing. it was like watching one of those badly produced made-for-tv movie specials on a local access tv stations. i cannot tell u how greatly disappointed it was seeing this film after being a big fan of tori spellings other works and the directors last work on "latter day saints." it was definitely not worth the wait. definitely, a few hours of my life i will never get back and will certainly not be purchasing it on dvd.wow, kiss the bride wasn't that bad, but it wasn't that good either. it sure was no "later day saints." the movie sags in the center...perhaps cutting out about 30 minutes would have made a more enjoyable film. but the film gets bogged down again and again by annoying subplots and throw away scenes - the whole gold outing sequence comes to mind.<br /><br />even though "kiss" was made for theatrical release, it looks and sounds more like a made for tv movie. every scene is lighted like a department store. so many characters are so throw away.<br /><br />and dear tori is actually a pleasant surprise. she steals every scene she appears in.<br /><br />one scene really annoyed me. it was the rehearsal dinner in this larger room with scores of tables - all decorated. but only 5 or 6 people in a room for 250! where did everyone go.<br /><br />gay cinema has sunk to a new low...but not as low as the horrible films being produced and shown on the here! channel.this is an oft-used line, but it really sums up this movie..."if this is the current state of gay cinema, then we're in real trouble". i saw this film at siff because of the high imdb rating (7.6) and if there was ever a case of vote stacking on imdb, then this is it. just watch the number fall over the release weeks of the film.<br /><br />easy plot...boy finds out his high school ex (boyfriend) is getting married to a female friend of theirs so he goes back to his old hometown (still carrying a 10 year old torch) to see what happened.<br /><br />first off, i liked "latter days", the director's last feature, despite its cookie cutter characters and plot contrivances, but you're supposed to become a better director with each subsequent release. i don't know how you get horrible supporting performances out of so many tv veterans (robert foxworth, joanna cassidy, tori spelling), but somehow he managed to. the writing was lifetime network quality (way back when they were really bad) and the situations were unbelievable and uncomfortably hard to watch. i kept reaching for a non-existent remote control to fast forward, but ultimately made myself stay to the end, hoping for a decent ending. ugh...no. even the gratuitous male nudity that popped up during the movie was so blatantly gratuitous that it seemed to be there to keep people in their seats. <br /><br />to be fair...the 2 leads, especially in the gratuitous nude scenes, were gorgeous. there was also a real sweetness between them during their rekindling friendship as they uncovered how they went separate ways. and the film looked great...good quality and color saturation for an independent film.<br /><br />how is it that network tv can give week after week of great, entertaining weekly episodes (like "ugly betty", "desp. housewives", etc.), but so many feature releases in similar genres can be as bad as this?as a fan of c.j.'s earlier movie, latter days, i really wanted to like this film.<br /><br />the nicest thing i can say, however, is that it's not an awful film. there are some good performances, and a few funny scenes. in particular, tori spelling has a couple of great scenes where she's talking to her fiancã©'s ex-boyfriend.<br /><br />overall, though, it's pretty week. the script falls back on weird coincidences and clichã©d movie moments way too often. (the main character went to stanford on a golf scholarship, and his high school buddy doesn't even know that he plays the game?) <br /><br />most of the time, this movie had no idea where it was going or what it was trying to say. there are a lot of scenes that are mildly cute, but ultimately turn out to be a waste of time. and you could easily cut half the characters from the film without losing anything.<br /><br />still, for all it's faults, i would have to say that this is one of the better gay films of recent years. which says a lot about how bad most gay films are.<br /><br />i'm hoping c.j.'s next film will be better.how did so many talented or at least charismatic actors wind up in this baloney? nothing is very good about this movie but the worst things probably are the screenplay and the directing.<br /><br />apparently this is director damian niemans heart-piece as he's both written and directed it (and acted in as well). he's a card magician himself and seems to have named characters in homage of other famous magicians. this was his first feature film as far as i know, and chances are it's his last.<br /><br />it's hard to point to exactly what makes it so poor â? but i'd say the story and character's are not believable (the screenplay) and the directing doesn't give it any boost (the director). plus â? the poker scenes are bad in the worst hollywood manner (super-hands, hollywood rules)! the supposed twists in the movie are either totally predictable or totally unbelievable. they just end up tying a knot to a story that at best can be described as "a few decent scenes"!what a cast...and what a waste of it. seriously, when a movie has gabriel byrne, jamie foxx, thandie newton, stuart townsend, hal holbrook, melanie griffith and sylvester stallone in it you would expect some quality. the movie is however one big mess with a unlikely story that can't seem to stop putting twist and turns in it. yeah, i think that they thought they were really being clever with all of it.<br /><br />the story is not only messy and unlikely, it also isn't exactly terribly original. it uses elements from earlier and much better poker game based movies. but to me it were really the many pointless twist and turns in the movie that did it. it made the story such an unlikely one to watch. on top of that the script remains filled with a lot of holes silly poker game errors and things that just don't make an awful lot of sense. why would any one above all things want to play against a card player that is known as the best cheater in the game. this is what the movie is about and builds up to but just didn't ever made a lot of sense to me.<br /><br />despite that the movie has a great cast, it still feels as if most actors were miscast in their roles. i don't know what it is about stuart townsend. he is a good actor but in most roles he plays he always feels out of place. perhaps it are his looks, i don't known. this basically also was the reason why he got replaced in "the lord of the rings: the fellowship of the ring". also thandie newton isn't much good and actually quite annoying in her 'strong' female role. and what was the point of having melanie griffith in this? oh, i guess i could go on about the movie its casting and could complaining even some more about the way too limited screen time the jamie foxx character gets but i guess you get my point by now.<br /><br />damian nieman just isn't much of an original writer/director and on top of that he also doesn't handle his own material very well. scenes often feel disjointed, it tries to put in way too many characters and everything about the movie is shallow and in a way predictable. on top of that the movie features some bad editing at times, which also doesn't help to make this movie look like one seamless whole. the movie was also one major box office bomb and no wonder that damian nieman hasn't made a movie ever since.<br /><br />a too big mess to make you enjoy this movie.<br /><br />4/10"shade" tries hard to be another "sting", substituting poker for horse racing as the means by which to bring down an enemy, but it fails miserably.<br /><br />i watched the whole thing and still never could quite understand why the young kid wanted to double-cross his partner. was it because his partner stole his girl? is there a woman in the world who is worth going to that much trouble over? if there is, it certainly wasn't this shrew. she had no redeeming qualities whatsoever, and really now, did she actually have a special room set up so that a surgeon could remove the kidney from whoever tried to pick her up in a bar? dina merrill makes a short appearance as a rich woman who hosts, of all things, pay-the-rent poker parties at her palatial home. and then the players say things like, "i'll see your thousand and raise you another five thousand." give me a break. you can't call ("see") and raise, you do one or the other. any kid playing for nickels and dimes at the kitchen table knows this; you'd think grown men playing for stakes this high -- or at least the knuckleheads who wrote the script -- would know it too.<br /><br />one of the other posters mentioned how no high-limit poker game would allow players to actually deal their own cards and i agree. you don't allow two of the best-known car cheats into a game where the buy-in is $250,000 and then let them deal to each other. that's not poker; that's just seeing which one can cheat better. and i'd like to know what person in his right mind would buy in to a game in which two of the best-known card cheats are playing and expect that he might have a chance at winning? and most of all, what mafia boss would run such a game? every time melanie griffith came on the screen i was so mesmerized by those gigantic fluorescent red lips of hers that i completely lost the storyline, and seeing her and stallone together was more like a public service announcement for plastic surgery gone wrong than a love connection. stallone mentions that she used to be a grifter before she bought the restaurant she now runs, but we don't know what kind of grifter she was and we never see her working with stallone in their younger days so we are left to wonder, if we even care that much.<br /><br />jamie foxx is the best character in the whole movie, but he gets killed off right off the bat and we're left with cardboard cut-outs who all sound like they're reading their lines off a teleprompter just off-camera.<br /><br />the ending makes no sense either. the kid gets his cut from the game and just walks down the street with a briefcase full of money and his partner is nowhere to be seen? the mafia isn't watching every move he makes? everyone else just shrugs their shoulders and quietly accepts the loss of millions of dollars without trying to recoup any of it? i don't think so.<br /><br />most of all, this movie does a great injustice to professional poker players all over the world, insinuating that the only way to win is by palming cards and playing with "juiced" decks. and why is it they're always palming kings and aces? sometimes you need a three or a nine to fill a straight or full house.<br /><br />the best parts of the whole film are the sleight-of-hand tricks during the beginning and ending credits; everything in between is ridiculous.*** possable spoiler but probably not ***<br /><br />the game is called donkey kong but donkey kong is not even in it<br /><br />anymore! diddy is gone aswell!<br /><br />the 1st donkey kong country was one of my two all time favorite<br /><br />super nintendo games. (the other being super mario world)<br /><br />the 2nd donkey kong at least had diddy kong and good levels,<br /><br />although it felt more like a game based on pirates at times.<br /><br />however this one is the worst of the lot! it does not have the feel of<br /><br />the original or 2nd, the enemy's look stupid and the levels are<br /><br />even worse. it does not look realistic anymore! i did not enjoy his game unlike the last two, the first had great<br /><br />background music and the 2nd was not bad but the music in this<br /><br />game is horrible!<br /><br />it happens a lot these days that movies, shows and sometimes<br /><br />video games that start out fantastic, end up with it being ruined by<br /><br />a stupid sequel! i am sad to say i feel that donkey kong as a saga is not as good<br /><br />now that it has donkey kong 3!<br /><br />they should have left it at the original or maybe the 2nd one.as a professional poker dealer for over 25 years i found this movie very hard to watch. too unreal. it seems the producers of this movie either had done little or no research or just didn't care. the card tricks are something you never would see performed in a real poker game. common sense right? plus it was full of film cuts and such during the tricks. who couldn't do that? the cheating was amateur stuff. palming, marked cards, etc. would you sit in a high limit game where they use opened deck cards? would you sit in a game where the players push their chips into the middle of a pot (constantly), mixing them in then just verbalizing how much they bet? c'mon ! i gave it a 4 because the twists and turns might be interesting to some people but for those who know how to play the game it will be pretty painful. next time they should use real players and get some insight on how to do it right. ouch!!!perhaps if only to laugh at the way my favorite of jane austen's works has been portrayed. perhaps i am too severe on this adaptation, but i'm afraid i am biased to the a&e version. i have a hard time imagining mr. darcy portrayed by anyone other than colin firth.<br /><br />the characters seemed shallow, and often dialogue forced. lizzy seemed to lack the real feeling that is so evident in the book. her fancy for wickham was overplayed, and then her sudden like for darcy was not believable.<br /><br />darcy was portrayed tolerably well, i will grant him. he managed to maintain the aloofness that is required, but i felt he did not project the feeling and inner struggle that makes his character so delightful, especially in the proposal scene.<br /><br />mr. and mrs. bennet were also played well, but seemed lacking in many ways. the mean temper of mrs. bennet was not completely captured in her performance.<br /><br />mr. collins' was a good portrayal. very much in line with the book.<br /><br />i will refrain from commenting on lady catherine except to say that she is possibly the worst portrayal in the entire film.<br /><br />other problems i saw were the few liberties they took with the order of events such as darcy being present at the first meeting with lady c., and also that miss lucas and sir william did not join lizzy on her visit to the collins'.<br /><br />the choreography was dreadful during the dancing scenes. the scene where lizzy and darcy dance loses much of its intensity because one cannot get past the feeling that they look akward on the ballroom floor. at least this bbc version left out the dialogue between lizzy, darcy and sir william when he commends the two on their dancing, as they performed very ill indeed.<br /><br />there were occasional moments that it kept me interested, but overall i find this version to be a disappointment. i would not advise this film unless you're like me, and you are excessively diverted by such follies.<br /><br />i have been an avid jane austen fan for many years. i had never seen this adaptation, so when i had heard of it, i came here and read all the excellent reviews. on that basis i eagerly ordered it from netflix. what a cruel disappointment! they have taken one of the most subtle and bright comic novels and made it dull. each character seems to have been dealt a single facial expression, a single tone upon which to base their flat characters. although this adaptation seems to have used every word that jane austen wrote, they appear to have been passed around to characters in a random fashion. even though it was done as a miniseries, this adaptation manages to confuse and feel as rushed as if it had been done as a movie of the week.<br /><br />mr. bennett too harsh, mrs. bennet just a chattering chipmunk, mr. darcy as lifeless as a nutcracker, the bennett girls almost indistinguishable and mr. wickham a man who no one would look twice at - hardly the appealing cad! i'm quite put out!if you want to truly experience the magic (?) of don dohler, then check out "alien factor" or maybe "fiend", but not this. alien factor is actually rather imaginative considering the low budget and it's fairly creepy, but "nightbeast", which i guess is sort of an updating of alien factor, is just plain dumb. actors sleepwalk through their roles, especially mr. monotone sheriff, and the monster is some dumb halloween-mask kind of thing instead of the wildly imaginative (but kind of stupid) looking critters from alien factor. a spaceship crashes on earth and there's a critter inside, of course, who runs around vaporizing people. and ripping off arms, etc. and he has a cool ray gun that he uses to vaporize people too, until it gets shot out of his hand. and that's really about it. "alien factor" beats this mess hands down, if you really want to see a good don dohler movie, check that out instead. and rip don dohler, 12/2/06.ok, when i say "wow," i mean, "jesus, please help me." i have an old vhs copy that was printed before troma got a copy of the title. the movie is about an alien crash landing on earth to terrorize us with a gun that blasts people into oblivion. watch out!!! and by that, i mean watch out for those special effects. there is an amazing number of mistakes. the acting is terrible, but i'd say the only one putting forth any effort would be the sheriff. the film itself is really grainy and poorly lighted. in one particular scene, it is day outside and then the shot shows the night beast shooting his gun with night behind him. then it shows day again. *shakes head* i usually like low-budget horror films, but i had to force myself to finish it because i never watch a movie without finishing it. the only accomplishment this film achieved was an alien that wasn't stereotypical. so for that, and only for that... i give it a 3 out of 10.<br /><br />don't watch this movie if you've had a bad day. you'll be even more depressed at the failed attempt this movie makes.after the opening credits over a black sheet of paper with spots of white paint sprayed onto it, oh ok i'll be generous and call it a star field, we witness an alien spacecraft crashing into a meteorite and being forced to land on earth. a terrible looking model spacecraft lands on a terrible looking model field. three nearby campers investigate. from the burning spacecraft a reptile like looking alien, the 'nightbeast' emerges, ok so i lied it's a guy in a dodgy rubber monster mask and silver spacesuit. the campers are quickly killed by the nighbeast's laser gun which shoots awful special effects at people. the towns sheriff jack cinder (tom griffith) is informed. he alerts his deputy lisa kent (karin kardian) and gathers a posse of men together to investigate. meanwhile the nightbeast has killed an unlucky motorist who stopped on the side of the road for a leak. his two annoying kids run for help. they approach a house, inside two young people are kissing, the girl says "someones running towards the house". the guy gets up to take a look and is attacked and gutted by the nightbeast, it kills the girl as well. then it manages to kill the two kids with his laser, maybe the nightbeast ain't so bad after all. once the sheriff and his men arrive at the scene they have a gun/laser battle with the nightbeast. after possibly the most unexciting gun fight in film history only the sheriff, his deputy and a local man jamie lambert (jamie zemarel) survive. but the nightbeast is still alive, bullets seem to have no effect on it. the next day the sheriff visits the towns mayor, bert wicker (richard dyszel) and his girlfriend mary jane (eleanor herman) to get permission to evacuate everyone in the town. he refuses saying a party he is holding for the governor (richard ruxton) cannot be cancelled, and that he doesn't want to create a panic situation. the sheriff evacuates the town anyway. two doctors, steven price (george stover) and ruth sherman (anne firth) are attacked by the nightbeast before they can leave. however, they manage to scare the nightbeast away and survive. together with the sheriff his deputy and jamie they decide to stay behind and fight the alien. written and directed by don dohler this has to be an amateur film, made with family and friends, look at the credits and see how many dohler's are involved. for that reason i should probably cut it some slack but that still doesn't stop it, or excuse it from being a throughly awful film in every department. it has no story or purpose, things just happen to waste time, whats with drago (don leifert) strangling his ex girlfriend suzie (monica neff)? this and many more scenes add nothing to the film. the script has no logic either, why does the nightbeast stick around the town once it's been supposedly evacuated? the special effects are embarrassingly bad, just look at the effect when the nightbeast shoots someone with his laser, a computer effect an 80's spectrum would be ashamed of. there's not really much blood or gore in it, a ripped open stomach, a severed arm and a decapitation but they all look predictably poor. credit where it's due, the nightbeast itself looks alright for the most part. there's a sex scene between the sheriff and his deputy which has to be seen to be believed, music that even a porno would be embarrassed about and two really ugly naked people make this a difficult sequence to watch. less than stellar acting, photography, music, lighting and editing make it a real chore to sit through. and the worse thing about this film? it commits the mortal sin of being boring and not fun in the slightest. sorry don mate, but don't give up the day job! definitely one to avoid.an hulking alien beastie crash-lands on earth and soon wrecks havoc upon the populace first using his laser ray gun to dissolve into dust almost every human he catches sight off (that is when his aim isn't terribly off) and later his bare claws with which he likes to rip out and eat human spleen! <br /><br />all in all, it's pretty silly stuff. i do have to give it some points for being somewhat fun at times. i actually enjoyed the mindless ray gun battle at the beginning and some of the later over the top gore effects. however it doesn't help when the monster provides the movie's only truly entertaining moments and he isn't on screen for a large portion of the film's running time. the acting throughout this is just plain awful and amateurish and our lead hero sheriff cinder is much too unattractive to be bagging the film's hottest chick. i also have to take off points for blatantly copying the thing from another world (1951) on several occasions. when the monster isn't on a rampage, nightbeast is far too dull and eventually his attacks become so repetitive and predictable even they become less fun. watch this one back to back with the 1951 thing and see the difference characterization, attention to plot and detail and creating suspense makes to a monster on the loose movie.from hardly alien sounding lasers, to an elementary school style shuttle crash, "nightbeast" is better classified as a farcical mix of fake blood and bare chest. the almost pornographic style of the film seems to be a failed attempt to recover from a lack of cohesive or effective story. the acting however is not nearly as beastly, many of the young, aspiring, actors admirably showcase a hidden talent. particularly don leifert and jamie zemarel, who shed a well needed shard of light on this otherwise terrible film. nightbeast would have never shown up on set had he known the terrible movie making talent of this small maryland town.i was more entertained by watching my wife almost pull her hair out in frustration through most of this movie. i thought something that would tie it all together would be just around the corner of the dairy barn any minute. so i cheated, grabbed the remote, and was relieved to find out it was ending in merely 20 minutes. i should have turned the channel. cute, it had potential, but yuck!it is terrible! it is like somebody gave a kid a faulty video camera and $30 and told them to make a film. even then you'd get a better and more professional film than this. the story is so dumb you can say there isn't one. i don't think the guy who made this knew what to do at all -- watching foreign art movies all day long isn't enough to make somebody an instant director. the acting is very bad, really kindergarten level and the writing is just plain awful. the only scene i didn't hate was the one with the caravan accident but even that only means it was just slightly less horrible than the rest of the film. how do people get finance for this stuff? i don't mind alternative films but shouldn't they at least not be a big steaming pile of cow manure? i would call 'price of milk' amateurish if it wasn't an insult to amateurs. this would not even be a good film if you were drunk or drugged!sorry to disagree with you, but i found the dkc series to be quite engaging. so much so that i invested in the snes system and my own copies of the games. this is, mind you, almost ten years after the initial release of dkc 1. the graphics were ground-breaking for their time, the first vector graphics games for home systems. the music and characters are all memorable, and the games brought myself and my girlfriend dozens of hours of entertainment. true, the second game was better than the first, and the third was perhaps lacking the 'edge' of the second installment. but all three offered different play, and i enjoy them to this day. by the way, i'm old enough to remember when there were no video games whatsoever (and tvs were black and white!).this movie is somehow showing 6.2 stars, it seems inconceivable that the director has that many relations. i am at a loss to explain this.<br /><br />avoid this movie at all costs. you have only a certain number of hours on the earth, don't waste 1&1/2 of them on this retarded steaming heap of guano!!!<br /><br />there is no story as apparently the director "wrote" (and i'm guessing with a blunt orange crayon) the next day's script at the completion of the day's shooting. the "story" has been called whimsical, no it is aimless, there is maybe enough "story" to fill a commercial. don't you hate ads?<br /><br />now while both leads can act they obviously decided not to here. and similarly the writer/director can actually both write and direct as evidenced by his next work "toy love" <br /><br />so to recap, even if you get this movie for free, even if you're paid to watch it avoid it.<br /><br />to paraphrase monty python's search for the holy grail, "run flee!"this movie is funny if you're the gentleman who was sitting about three rows behind me (repeating every punchline, laughing when there were no gags on-screen, and issuing a gravelly "haaaa" at every scene involving a computer or mobile device).<br /><br />for everyone else, it's a mean-spirited, bungled "comedy." the movie strictly follows the formula of the later "scary movie" films, as well as "epic movie" and "meet the spartans," though without the flood of heartless pop culture references that made the latter two so irritating. still, the lampooning of intellectual and peacemaking figures the world over makes it clear that the film knows its audience: people who envy brainpower. "superhero movie" is particularly and consistently nasty to stephen hawking, introducing him as a sex-starved druggie and using his disability as a vehicle for slapstick.<br /><br />the plot is based on "spider-man," with "batman begins" and "x-men" thrown in just to deliver some physical comedy. much of the movie is slapstick, but not in any invigorating or interesting way. the longest-running gag is a fart joke, and early on the scriptwriters seem to believe that having the main character get thrown in conspicuous piles of fake animal poo automatically enlivens an otherwise uninspired rehash of the spider bite scene from "spider-man." perhaps the only redeeming feature of this feature is the energy in it, notably absent in other recent parodies. the filmmakers act as though they're doing something new, and the audience can feel the influence in the way the actors bounce around the screen. an extremely abbreviated length (about an hour and fifteen minutes) and the zest of the presentation makes "superhero movie" tolerable rather than horrifying.went with some friends and one of my friends mom, thinking it would be a good way to start off the spring break, but the movie turned out awful. we all agree it shouldn't have been pg-13. more like r material. lots of sexual dialog, cussing and referring to boy and girl parts (below the waist). not worth the time or money. strongly urge you not to go, or rent it when it comes out. if you do end up going, don't take smaller children. not the type of movie to see with the family! if curious about the content, check out the content advisory section on the superhero movie page on imdb. most of the content that was meant to be funny was extremely crude. especially when they make fun of steven hawking.i thought this would be funny. i did. i don't know what happened. but i think a lot of the problem unfortunately falls with the casting. i don't know who this kid is, he could be a very nice person but he wasn't right for this movie. and the supporting cast was great which only makes it more obvious. for example there would be a scene with him and his love interest and your mind just starts to wander off but then keith david starts speaking, or leslie nielsen, or marion ross, and it's like someone turned a light on and suddenly you can pay attention again and you think it might not be that bad. but when they get back to the main characters the lights go out again. <br /><br />the spoofing material available in the superhero genre is plentiful so the fact that most of the jokes were basically a fart, makes you wonder who wrote this thing. i mean it had a couple of funny bits, as i do remember laughing a couple of times, but right now i don't remember why and it was only a few days ago.<br /><br />really i'm giving it a take it or leave it rating but i think most people should just leave it.and so it started with "shreik" a send up of horror films, then we had scary movie, a genuinely good attempt at a new kind of genre, the illustrious send up. however....now we have: scary movie* scary movie 2 scary movie 3 scary movie 4* date movie meet the spartans not another team movie* plus many more (genuinely funny movies marked with *)<br /><br />and.....super hero movie.... it seems the people that make these movies cannot yet grasp what makes the send-ups funny. using the rip-offs from other movies in a funny way is all well and good if done properly, but not many producers seem to know how to do that. scary movie(1) did it well, the following sequels were then horrendous as the tried to over play the franchise, but it was redeemed by scary movie 4. not another teen movie was good because it used the spoofs well...and to its credit i am sick of teen movies. however, this movie plays like a bad version of all of these. it relies on slap stick the would make even the 3 stooges cringe, violating the image of stephen hawking, and then when people begin to get bored (and the producers knew when this would be) we are treated to pamela anderson in a skin tight suit. to conclude, spoofs should be about making a homage-like mock-up of an original movie with an original storyline, not plastering random take offs of legitimate film onto the storyline of a real film. <br /><br />...i shudder at the thought of "sci-fi movie" and get my seppuku knife readythis was the stupidest movie i have ever seen in my life. it is a complete waste of money and time. i went to see this movie with my friends and when the movie was over not a single person in the movie theater- not that there was a lot of people there to see this terrible movie- said "wow what a good movie." someone actually walked out! it was absolutely terrible! it was disgusting and i hated every minute of it. my friend was putting her head in my shoulder towards the end because after the scene with rick on the ceiling peeing, she had had enough. it was not funny at all. believe me i went with 11 other girls and not one of my friends liked it. it was ridiculous! i've seen many movies but this was absolutely the worst! i mean a scene in the movie is with an old man making out with a dead person in a coffin. i just can't make up these things.i took my 14 year old to see this movie. we left after 15 or 20 minutes. it was absolutely awful! this movie should be rated r at the least. i am not that strict with movies but, this was just too much. it was a waste of money. i thought it would contain some comedy and i knew the comedy would probably be crude but, this was way beyond crude. i was sitting there watching and reading (a certain subtitle at the beginning of the movie was what really got me) and i could not believe how crudely sexual it was. i could not believe that it would be ok for a 13 year old to read and see this content. i don't understand how the rating system works.??this film was the worst film i have ever seen. it was a complete waste of money. if i had not been in the cinema was my two young cousins (who also thought it was disappointing, but not as terrible as i thought), i would have left the cinema. there were two points in the film that i almost laughed, but the rest of it was either boring, ridiculous or painful. i thought it would be a spoof on all superhero movies (which i love), but in fact it was mainly based on spiderman, with a few oblique references to other superhero movies such as fantastic four and batman. i really cannot think of one good thing to say about this film. do not waste your money with this film-there are many other better films out there!i went to see this movie with my boyfriend last night. i'm 20 years old and this movie was way too much for me. i couldn't imagine taking a teenager, preteen, or (especially) a child to this movie. it was crude and offensive. i was totally misled by its pg-13 rating and the previews that i had seen for it. i had originally seen previews for it on nickelodeon, and i thought that it looked pretty cute (maybe i just don't remember the preview correctly) . plus, drake bell (the movie's main character) stars on a nickelodeon television show that targets preteens and young teenagers. i really didn't think that the movie's content would be as risky as it was. i should have done more research about it before i went. however, i'm hoping that parents will read up on this movie before they take their kids to see it just because it has drake bell in it.<br /><br />seriously, do not take your kids or teenagers to see this movie. the rating should have been r. there are tons of sexual references, drug references, and disturbing events throughout the movie. examples: drake bell gets attacked by sexually charged animals, several scenes that involve men grabbing women's breasts, lots of profanity, drake bell uses a bong to smoke vanilla frosting (or something like that), people get stabbed, hit, and hurt in the movie, and an elderly lady and her dog get shredded. there are tons of other offensive and disgusting scenes throughout the movie. it was really demeaning to women in general. the movie is by the people that made the scary movie series, so that should tell you something right there. please remember that seeing movies like this can give kids and teenagers all kinds of wrong ideas about sex, drugs, and violence. most children and teenagers can't decipher between spoofs or comedy and reality.<br /><br />i do have a sense of humor. i also know that the humor that was in this film is typical of its genre. but i find the possibility of children and teenagers going to see this movie horrifying.<br /><br />as for the overall quality of the movie, i didn't think it was that original or funny. it dragged in parts and some of the humor was just forced and painful. the acting wasn't too bad, considering how bad the script was. if you're an adult or older teen looking for a funny movie, skip this one or rent it.scary movie 1-4, epic movie, date movie, meet the spartans, not another teen movie and another gay movie. making "superhero movie" the eleventh in a series that single handily ruined the parody genre. now i'll admit it i have a soft spot for classics such as airplane and the naked gun but you know you've milked a franchise so bad when you can see the gags a mile off. in fact the only thing that might really temp you into going to see this disaster is the incredibly funny but massive sell-out leslie neilson.<br /><br />you can tell he needs the money, wither that or he intends to go down with the ship like a good capitan would. in no way is he bringing down this genre but hell he's not helping it. but if i feel sorry for anybody in this film its decent actor drake bell who is put through an immense amount of embarrassment. the people who are put through the largest amount of torture by far however is the audience forced to sit through 90 minutes of laughless bile no funnier than herpes.<br /><br />after spoofing disaster films in airplane!, police shows in the naked gun, and hollywood horrors in scary movie 3 and 4, producer david zucker sets his satirical sights on the superhero genre with this anarchic comedy lampooning everything from spider-man to x-men and superman returns.<br /><br />shortly after being bitten by a genetically altered dragonfly, high-school outcast rick riker (drake bell) begins to experience a startling transformation. now rick's skin is as strong as steel, and he possesses the strength of ten men. determined to use his newfound powers to fight crime, rick creates a special costume and assumes the identity of the dragonfly -- a fearless crime fighter dedicated to keeping the streets safe for law-abiding citizens.<br /><br />but every superhero needs a nemesis, and after lou landers (christopher mcdonald) is caught in the middle of an experiment gone horribly awry, he develops the power to leech the life force out of anyone he meets and becomes the villainous hourglass. intent on achieving immortality, the hourglass attempts to gather as much life force as possible as the noble dragonfly sets out to take down his archenemy and realize his destiny as a true hero. craig mazin writes and directs this low-flying spoof.<br /><br />featuring tracy morgan, pamela anderson, leslie nielsen, marion ross, jeffrey tambor, and regina hall.<br /><br />hell superhero movie may earn some merit in the fact that it's a hell of a lot better than meet the spartans and epic movie. but with great responsibility comes one of the worst outings of 2008 to date. laughless but a little less irritating than meet the spartans. and in the same sense much more forgettable than meet the spartans. but maybe that's a good reason. there are still some of us trying to scrape away the stain that was meet the spartans from our memory.<br /><br />my final verdict? avoid, unless you're one of thoses people who enjoy such car crash cinema. as bad as date movie and scary movie 2 but not quite as bad as meet the spartans or epic movie. super villain.(warning: some spoilers ahead.)<br /><br />what an incredibly crappy movie. it makes iron eagle 2 seem good.<br /><br />the story is as follows: captain holiday (rutger hauer) gets shot down by his friend banning (robert patrick) to stop him from shooting down a iraqi airliner filled with innocent civilians. six years later holiday returns to take his revenge. among other things he, sitting in a tank, chases banning (now a colonel) and his pregnant wife over a field. he manages to fire shells and drive the tank at the same time. after getting the tank blown up by a bazooka, he miraculously survives and steals a fighter jet. with it he shoots down a number of allied fighters before attacking the nato headquarters in an attempt to kill banning's wife.<br /><br />an extra bonus is that major baxter (who holiday hangs in her office) has put the rank insignia on her right shoulder on backwards. elegant.i happened to rent this movie with my sister in hopes of watching a great entertaining movie, that was humorous, however my expectations were let down. this movie was beyond disgusting and revolting for a pg-13 movie, this should have been rated r for the many mature references that went on in this movie. i wouldn't recommend allowing a 13 year old teen see this.<br /><br />even if no one under the age of 17 is watching this movie, beware of a truly stupid movie, there's no humor in the movie, just a bunch of disgusting sexual references including a small touch of pedophilia, something that shouldn't even be joked about. <br /><br />i would like to know what happened to pg-13 movies, that were actually safe for actual a 13 year old? this is beyond a deplorable movie and should be re-rated.here's a spoof that's guaranteed to entertain folks in the iq range of homer simpson. it's a cheap shot at every great superhero, notably spiderman and batman. but it doesn't end there; it gets progressively worse until it disintegrates into a pathetic ensemble of slapstick trollop by the truckload.<br /><br />for those interested in the plot, you've only to watch spiderman while under the influence of some heavy narcotic. what you get is dragonfly man â? a boy wonder, who loves the girl next door, suddenly inheriting some stupendous super-powers.<br /><br />the rest of the script is as predictable as waking up in the morning and brushing your teeth, but don't' take my word for it! for kids, this is somewhat amusing; for adults it's a great film to drop the kids off for.superhero movie (2008) is the most recent in the long line over "parody" movie movies which i despise so much. i wish this movie could be the death of the genre, but i know that it isn't awful enough to put the final nail in the coffin.<br /><br />if meet the spartans is considered the bottom of the barrel as far as hollywood movies go, than superhero movie is probably near the top. unfortunately meet the spartans was actually miles below the barrel, and this movie just barely makes it in.<br /><br />superhero movie has a decent cast of c-list celebs. it's got drake bell (the kid from disney's drake and josh), leslie nielson (airplane!), tracy morgan (snl and 30 rock), and a few others scattered throughout. although it has the star power to light a 40-watt bulb, the movie fails to utilize any humor.<br /><br />this movie is about 80 minutes long, most of which is dedicated to following the spiderman plot, and not one single joke is funny. i didn't laugh or chuckle or smirk the entire time.<br /><br />don't see this movie. don't even think about it. for the love of cinema, just skip it and maybe they wont come out with another one.<br /><br />...oh, who am i kidding? they'll probably come out with another one by fall.the movie starts with a spiderman spoof which is your introduction to rick riker (played by drake bell of "drake & josh" fame, personally i'd have given the movie to josh who is much funnier) and the "rick punchers" joke is lifted right out of airplane so the writers were obviously already scraping the barrel for ideas for this film. rick's class is on a science trip to the amalgamated genetics lab and this is where we get to meet the 1st star name in the film, brent spiner (data in star trek tng) playing dr strom. rick is bitten by a genetically modified dragonfly which is where his powers come from.<br /><br />we meet our next big star names at rick's home, his aunt lucille (marion ross of happy days fame) & uncle albert (leslie nielson of airplane, police squad & naked gun fame). and we're introduced to carlson on the amalgamated board of directors (dan castellaneta from the simpsons) who is then very promptly killed. we're told rick has slept for 5 days & get some cheap, crappy sexually orientated scenes designed to get the teen male audience paying attention. the stephen hawking lookalike's scene is painful to watch and is really a bad idea that doesn't work and isn't remotely funny.<br /><br />we get another spiderman spoof (rick catching the girl and all the planets) but the movie should end right there as jill was hit in the head by a falling bowling ball which would have broken her skull and killed her stone dead. you get to see rick's 1st powers emerge (gripping ability & speed) then his 1st rescue which goes very wrong. we also get an incest reference which is in very poor taste indeed. we get a flashback and a batman spoof in which we discover rick is solely responsible for the death of his parents. spoofing spiderman again ricks uncle is shot with jeffrey tambor (from hellboy) playing the hospital doctor. we then get an x-men spoof (done very badly as patrick stewart is about as white as they come), barry bonds is played by yet another lookalike.<br /><br />we meet invisible girl (played by pamela anderson looking stunning in her costume!). ricks 1st outing in his costume (once he fixes his ability to see & breath through it) is another batman spoof. the tom cruise youtube interview clip is played by yet another lookalike (and not a very good one at that). there are lots of modern references like youtube, facebook & wikipedia all showing that the movie is set in modern day. there's a very weak gay joke (never a good idea to do those either) when jill is helping aunt lucille make thanksgiving dinner and the pissing scene isn't very funny, just infantile.<br /><br />the aunt farting scene isn't particularly funny, just incredibly childish. anyone finding it funny must have a mental age of about 12. she's killed and then we have a really bad necrophilia joke (is there no topic these people won't try to use to get a cheap laugh out of?) at her funeral, and the even worse cremation joke.<br /><br />we get the 2 worst lookalikes in the whole movie (prince charles & nelson mandela) at the awards ceremony and if you didn't already know how infantile or stupidly lowbrow this movie is landers wins the "douchebag of the year" award. landers is revealed as the hourglass (in a really bad scene where the same girl manages to run past jill twice in the same direction).<br /><br />obviously the hourglass is foiled, jill is rescued from certain death and the only funny scene in the whole movie is the final one.it's not fair. i was really expecting this to be a hilarious, entertaining movie. i mean, i like drake bell from drake and josh, and leslie neilson is nothing to be sneezed at since his earliest classics, airplane and the naked gun. however, after seeing superhero movie, i'm glad i didn't even have to pay for it. it just wouldn't have been anywhere near the 9$ per ticket. more like a dollar and a few pennies. because that would sum up for the hour and a few minutes. and as disappointing as this film was i'm glad the running time was that short, if not shorter. i just cant believe how incredibly vulgar, unnecessary, and above all, stupid, some of the scenes were! and above that, i've seen better acting from a wooden dummy(without the ventriloquist). it's as if craig mazin purposefully wanted to make a film that deserves its 3.7, if not lower, and even try to be worse than "meet the spartans". very disappointing indeed.when a loser teen is bitten by an insect, he becomes the superhero dragonfly...<br /><br />superhero movie is the latest spoof movie to hit the screens. sadly however, despite the presence of david zucker (who was involved with airplane!, top secret and the naked gun movies) it still suffers from the fault most recent spoofs have...mainly it's more dumb than fun! the fault mainly lies with the gags. it's simply not funny enough. some of the jokes do work, such as the nail gun scene, but other parts simply fall flat. the x-men spoof for example, or the whole farting sequence. blazing saddles this isn't! one of the key things about the best spoof movies, like airplane is that although the dialog is extremely funny, the cast for the most part play is completely straight. this makes it even funnier. even when there is simple dialog in the foreground, there may well be funny things happening behind the cast. again funny. the other key thing is that they all have a plot of sorts, to hang the gags on.<br /><br />the recent trend seems to be to take scenes from various movies, then try and spoof them. as a result the so-called plot of these movies very rarely exist. another flaw these movies have, is that some of the scenes were actually funny in the original versions, and in most cases even funnier than the spoof scene! the cast try to get into the spirit required, but with a lot of unfunny dialog and scenes, it's hard to get worked up about it.<br /><br />as recent spoof movies go, it's not as bad as epic movie, date movie, or the awful meet the spartans, but considering that some people involved here have made good, funny movies in the past, it's nowhere near good enough.it's not unusual that hollywood likes to pump out crappy films. occasionally, a handful of good films come out of them while the majority just sucks major ass. it's also not surprising that those bad films are retreads of old tv series'. occasionally a surprise pops up with "the fugitive" (who saw that best picture oscar nom coming?), but for every "fugitive", there's a mchale's navy or some other wholly unoriginal film devoid of any plot or interest. the mod squad, in my opinion, goes into my top ten of truly lousy films, in which hollywood should get it's sorry ass beaten for producing what could've been a good movie. we're shifted right dab smack in the middle of a story that just doesn't seem to make sense, it wastes the talent, and the dialogue is just bad. we don't actually know who the hell these characters are, and we could give a flying f**k about what they are. instead, you're expected to automatically know who they are and what they're going to do. there's one particularly bad riff, about the "i'm too old for this s**t" line, that's just plain stupid. something my friend verbally noted when we were clamoring for the movie to just end. it's just an insult to hollywood cinema. grade: f-i expected this movie to be absolutely god awful. like "what dreams may come" or "the truman show" or something. well they were selling it off for â£3.99 in my local hmv and it had giovanni ribisi on the cover, you know you cant help but love him, and so my friends dared me to buy it. and i was sure it was going to be trash. maybe thats the only reason i could sit through this movie, because my standards were never that high.one day someone said lets redo the mod squad we can make it hip cool and all that yo!it'll make a mint then they actually made it and as you are watching it you can hear your spleen cringe in agony as it twists and binds into a knot from the pure horror of it all any movie ever made has something on this id rather meet wayne newton and sing karaoke with him in a gay bar in idaho and drink a virgin bloody mary than ever watch this again may god have mercy on my soulthis one is a poor attempt at spinning the old "cons turn good" yarn, which we have seen so many times before. it actually reminded me of the american series 'the players', although nowhere near as good. omar epps is totally unconvincing as the hard man of the bunch, as is ribisi, who's attempt at being the funny guy gets lost along the way. danes performance was decent though, and you can see from this performance, why she was cast in terminator 4.<br /><br />the mod squad is a film which lies in a kind of grey area between serious thriller and comedy. at times it takes itself serious but other times it tries to be humorous but fails miserably. the film has a kind of half-finished feel about - as if it was stretched to the 90 minute mark.<br /><br />you'l be disappointed.well, you know... rutger hauer and robert patrick both are really good actors. but wtf with this movie? the story was lame and the script was just terrible. the poor actors didn't have material to work with!<br /><br />the dvd cover invited you to a flight action flick. you would expect something like top gun... huge disappointment! the flight action in this movie is so cheap that makes you puke. the aerial scenes are clearly taken from documentaries and some other footage sources, not made for this movie. and they didn't even care about the marks or the fighters models, taking for granted the audience will not notice it.<br /><br />as i said the story was lame. with a little effort from the writer and director it could have been very interesting. in short, it seems a b-movie made in the 70's.<br /><br />i feel very sorry for these actors who put their names here. they sure must be ashamed.this is one of the most boring films i've ever seen. the three main cast members just didn't seem to click well. giovanni ribisi's character was quite annoying. for some reason, he seems to like repeating what he says. if he was the "rain man", it would've been fine, but he's not.<br /><br />3 out of 10.i had the misfortune to watch this last night on the bbc, i expect i may have been the only viewer. from the beginning there was something quite wrong about the movie, after a few minutes of viewing i managed to work out what it was. the movie was bad! not bad in a good way like wolfpack or a seagal film just plain old shoddy bad.<br /><br />why was this made into a movie? i've seen a few episodes of the tv series and thought it was alright but i only saw repeats of that because they made this.<br /><br />i spent most of the film trying to work out what the story was and by the end i was none the wiser. i seem to remember at some point a character, maybe farina's mentions that the mod squad can get in to places regular cops can't. the 'place' turns out to be a 'club', one of the toughest places to get into, maybe it was student night? i lost track of the plot at this point or maybe there was no plot and the movie was just chopped together from various leftovers from other tv series remakes.<br /><br />was it an action comedy? i don't remember any laughs.<br /><br />overall this movie lacked the real scene stealing power of someone like seymour hoffman as the bad guy. with him ribisi would have had somebody to bounce off.the mod squad isn't a movie, it's a void. that's the most fascinating thing about it and the thing that kept me watching â? i'd never seen a film that offered absolutely nothing before. it's a film without any reason to exist whatsoever, seemingly consciously designed to appeal to no-one as if made purely as a contractual obligation to someone the studio really dislike. there is no plot, there is no characterisation, there are no set piece action scenes, there aren't even any scenes as such, just a progression of increasingly empty shots projected at 24 frames per second. i'm not talking about empty as in dumb summer blockbuster but empty as in "we haven't got the pages yet so just point the camera at something and stop when you've got 90 minutes worth." it makes you appreciate the 'artistic achievements' of charlie's angels and s.w.a.t. that much more. what it does offer is far too much of giovanni ribisi at his most tediously execrable doing his bastard son of a thousand morons impersonating marlon brando method acting routine, michael lerner dancing with omar epps andâ? no, that's it. oh, clare danes has a nice smile in one shot. and dennis farina has the sense to get killed off early. genuinely the most utterly pointless film ever made, it's like l'humanite without the jokes but, you know, for kids.i was not old enough to really appreciate the original mod squad, but i knew everyone thought it was cool. i have some of the "books" that were written based on the series in my screen-to-print collection, and they're pretty light duty, so i didn't expect much from the movie. that's a good thing, because this movie was bad on a long leash. <br /><br />i admire the risk in creating a movie that is so completely true to the 1960's hit. the movie audience, though, has gained sophistication in 30 years. at least, i think so. i certainly expect something more than an hour and a half of the original mod squad concept, with (now old) car chases, (now considered poor) camera work, (tinny sounding) soundtrack and (poor) script and all, on the big screen. in the 1960s, we didn't care as much because we had minimal expectations. an integrated police team of young people wearing something besides suits was enough. it was that, another thrilling episode of "ironsides" or "password."<br /><br />rating this "episode" against usual theatre releases, the story was...well, i'm not sure i should even say because i'm not sure there was one. drugs are bad? whatever. the script was silly. when the characters are exchanging dialog and advancing the plot with lines like "i overheard him say so on the phone," and "i think i got a plan," we really are in trouble. no wonder the acting was dreadful: no one knew how to say such idiotic lines.<br /><br />if i were claire danes, i'd be going after my agent with a flame-thrower right now. (actually, i think everyone in and watching the film has a right to seek retribution.)<br /><br />and where was the mod in that squad? i realize these kids just got out of juvenile hall, but no one had a velvet suit? "mod" only meant young and integrated? what happened to white go-go boots? perhaps the costume department was going for gritty, but all they got was dirty and dingy.<br /><br />since the movie was completely true to the original series, and required special behavior from the actors, cameramen, stunt men, etc., we should appreciate it more. unfortunately, i still don't like it. if i wanted to watch 60's crime drama, i'd buy dvds. no thanks.the movie was slow, the dialogue between actors/actresses felt "flat" and basically there was no development of the characters in the story.<br /><br />omar epps skulks around with a mad look on his face the entire time, pouting and basically looking annoyed with everybody. danes has no on-screen magic, and ribisi's character is a goober that nobody would want to hang out with even if they were paid to do so.<br /><br />throw in the weird scene where epps has to dance with an old man, and you have what quite possibly could be the worst movie in cinema history.<br /><br />i watched it on satellite (thank goodness i didn't pay for it), and wished i hadn't.<br /><br />do yourself a favor and go sort your underwear and socks drawer if you need something to do but are tempted to watch this movie when/if it comes on your tv. awful movie if you ask me, and i generally have something good to say about just about any movie out there.i watched this movie for the first time the other day and was bored to tears. i guess i just was looking for some flashback to the wonderful series that i remembered. i watched the mod squad television show religiously back in the day and it was fantastic. it was action packed and the relationship the 3 had with greer was endearing. there wasn't any of that here. when greer was murdered you get the idea that these 3 could have cared less. the actor who portrayed pete is a really good actor but they wrote his part like he was mentally challenged. pete in the television series was quiet and serious but had a funny side also. they had this guy acting like he was either on drugs on the time, drunk or just plain ignorant. i wouldn't recommend this movie at all. especially if you were a fan of the tv series. it will be a complete letdown.the dvd sleeve explains the premise: "three problem teens are headed for jail," and are "set to do time until captain greer offers them a deal to work for him - undercover." the film opens with definitions of the words "mod" and "squad", so you won't have to look them up in the dictionary. for a visual definition of "cool", search for photographs of the original threesome: michael cole (as pete cochran), clarence williams iii (as linc hayes), and peggy lipton (as julie barnes). <br /><br />one black. one white. one blonde. once they defined cool.<br /><br />the three who make up scott silver's version of aaron spelling's "the mod squad" are twentysomethings: claire danes (as julie barnes), giovanni ribisi (as pete cochran), and omar epps (as linc hayes). they aren't able to do much with the material given. mr. ribisi's portrayal is the most "far out", meaning he digresses most from the original characterization. ms. danes romances josh brolin (as billy waites), who looks like he could be in a re-make of "marcus welby, md". you won't believe hefty michael lerner dancing with mr. epps' "linc". he explains, "i'm not a fairy, i just like to dance!" and requests, "spin me!" <br /><br />*** the mod squad (1999) scott silver ~ claire danes, giovanni ribisi, omar eppsthere is nothing at all redeeming about this film. it is very bad and not in such a way that it is even remotely funny. horrible plot, acting, and writing and incredibly cheap production values to boot. this film makes "the jackal" look like a work of art.i was actually looking forward to this movie. the commercials made it look real cool and action packed. and i heard that claire daines' character was arrested for assault so i thought that maybe she would kick a lot of ass and that would be cool. but noooooooo!!. their was hardly any action at all and the character were all kinda bland. the only saving grace was omar epps and even he didn't help this movie much.i heard what people were saying, but i ignored them. being rushed at blockbuster i grabbed copy of this movie and ran out. <br /><br />45 minutes into i was fighting to stay awake. there is some attempt to keep the film interesting, but it was just bad. a chase of some sort takes place, but it was long and drawn out - the perfect time to make a snack. by the time this movie was over i didn't care how ended, i just wanted it to end. walking in and out of my room checking to see if it was over.<br /><br />the entire movie is a cliche', the characters and their relationships. the plot twists are predictable, as well as the ending. the actors made the best out of really terrible roles. all can say is: their clothes were nice, but the movie, it was just bad.well, this movie shows us that mark griffiths and producers think we all are idiots. if not how should we understand this:<br /><br />american pilots take off on mig-29s. suddenly all aircrafts turn to f-16s. ha, a magic! after an action... migs land. the magic again!<br /><br />oh, did i mention that f-16s had israel markings? <br /><br />another magic: obviously unarmed l-39 trainers are bombing enemies.<br /><br />and more magic: while all movie is situated in europe, we can see a desert in almost any flying scene.<br /><br />maybe the director wasted all his magic on things above, because action scenes are incredibly chaotic and also explosions look awfully as if pilots bombarded with molotovs.<br /><br />ok, ok, this is a movie. i should write about its story... wait. a story? yes there is some story in this film. and its horrible as well.the forgotten (aka: don't look in the basement) is a very cheaply made and very old looking horror movie.<br /><br />the story is very slow and never really reaches anything worth getting excited about.<br /><br />the patients at the asylum are embarrassingly funny especially sam and the old woman who always quotes an old saying to everyone. (look out for the bit when she gets close to the camera, tell me you can watch without laughing!).<br /><br />now the gore is very poor looking, with the blood looking pink in many scenes so it doesn't really deserve its place on the video nasties list!.<br /><br />overall if you aren't looking for a fantastic horror film and have some time to spare then it's worth a watch.this movie had great production values, good lighting, costumes, set, cinematography and acting. but someone, somewhere, took the script, and replaced all the dialogue with grade-school level barely literate writing. i felt my iq dropping points any time any character spoke.<br /><br />did they do this on purpose? was this just an accident of brain dead studio executives? at this point, we don't know.<br /><br />all i know is, this movie was one great mistake from beginning to end. we don't even get to see how the squad became cops, so instead of any character development, we get what feels like a bad tv-movie leftover from the 60's. or whenever.<br /><br />find the screenwriters, beat them with a sock full of quarters. everyone else, nice work, but read your scripts next time.<br /><br />3/10**possible spoilers** three young people on the wrong side of the law are given a chance to turn their lives around and become useful members of society by becoming undercover cops in `the mod squad,' a resurrection of the hit television series of the â?60's, directed by scott silver. given their less than stellar backgrounds, and because of who they are and the people they know, julie barnes (claire danes), pete cochran (giovanni ribisi) and lincoln hayes (omar epps) can go places other cops can't, so they are tapped by captain adam greer (dennis farina) to infiltrate a seedy night spot suspected of being a front for a prostitution ring. for a start, julie gets a job there as a waitress, while pete and linc just `hang out' to find out what they may. julie quickly becomes reacquainted with an old boyfriend, billy waites (josh brolin), who turns out to be involved with drugs, which are tied in to the shady dealings going down at the bar. before it's over, the `squad' is in it up to their necks, while also running afoul of a bunch of wrong cops who are also involved with the drugs, and consequently tied in with their investigation. from the beginning of the movie, there is a sense that you are coming in late; as if it's presupposed that you know what's going on as far as the origin and workings of the squad. all you get here are brief mug-shot bios of the three that give you nothing more than a glimpse into their past; there's nothing about how this all actually came about. the thinking was probably that by doing it this way it would lead into the story quicker, get things moving along. while this is true to a certain extent, some added background would have made the texture of the story a bit more interesting; the way it was done here merely depreciates the credibility of the entire proceedings. the plot is marginal to begin with, and any time spent on character development would have been well worth the while. what's delivered, and quite unimaginatively at that, is a less than compelling story filled with one dimensional characters. the performances are satisfactory, but the actors get no help from the script, nor apparently from silver; danes, ribisi and epps come close to fleshing out julie, pete and linc, but given the time allotted them, combined with the lack of support, they still fall way short of giving these people life. farina, a good actor who deserves better than what he gets here, comes off as nothing more than a caricature of the `good cop.' there's a feeling that everything was given the once-over in this film; some detail and nuance would have driven the stock up considerably on this one. the supporting cast includes richard jenkins (detective mothershed), steve harris (briggs), larry brandenburg (eckford), lionel mark smith (lanier) and sam mcmurray (tricky). it's a shame to see the acting talent involved here wasted like this; a lot more thought and planning should have gone into the making of this movie. as it is, it comes across as ill-conceived and poorly executed. danes, ribisi and epps are like major leaguers who got stuck playing for all the marbles at the local sandlot; instead of getting a shot at the title, they all got hung out to dry. like terry says in `on the waterfront,' `you was my brother, charlie, you shoulda been looking out for me.' well, it's obvious that there was no charlie to look out for them here, and after `the mod squad,' they can all just hope for something better to come along the next time. i rate this one 1/10.i thought this movie was horrible. i was bored and had to use all the self control i have to not scream at the screen. mod squad was beyond cheesy, beyond cliche, and utterly predictable.i really wanted to like this movie, but i just couldn't. it had the potential to be a really cool, hip remake of a cool show, but that's where it fell apart. it was too hip, too cool. first of all, all the cool lines and scenes were showcased in the preview trailers, which i'd seen lots of times. and the editing was very disjointed, so that the scenes didn't seem to flow together and they all seemed out of place. claire danes, who i love as an actress failed to make this her break through to the beyond high school acting roles. the only bright spot was giovanni ribisi as pete. his slightly stupid, yet actually smart style was funny and refreshing. overall though, i'd recommend just watching the previews instead of seeing the movie and wishing it was more.this is an astonishingly bad action film. i'd say its primary flaw is that it's boring. arghh! funky wardrobes, retro chic set design, and decent cinematography cannot prevent this flick from being a snoozer. mod squad's second (major) flaw is its lack of character development--underscored by the actors' lack of talent. i tend to like claire danes's work so i was quite surprised by her non-existent performance in this film. giovanni ribisi is woefully miscast: how could his cotton-mouthed, bumbling acting style possibly fit into an action flick? as for omar epps, well, he needs to take a few acting lesson to learn how to emote. the man had the same facial expression for the entire film! my suggestion is to save yourself a few bucks and wait to see this turkey on cable.ok, number one-this "film" is a "90's" version of a crappy show from the 70's that no one remembers! number two-as soon as the movie started, i was confused, it was like i walked in halfway through the movie! there was no plot! it was very annoying! horrible wardrobe! call me crazy, but it's just not believable to me that little skinny omar epps can chase down a big grown man, without a gun, and scare him into talking! it's a ridiculous "plot". i'm sorry, but to me, kids these days can't even put their pants on one leg at a time, let alone catch some "evil, underground, killers". i walked out of the theater and demanded and got my money back! i do not reccomend this movie to anyone over 12 years old!being a fan of the series i thought, how bad can the movie be? well i got my answer. some movies should never be made. why call it a remake of the series when the only similarities are that there are three main characters. the pete character in the series wasn't a whiney little baby as portrayed in the movie. the only good thing in this movie besides the music and that clare danes is pretty was that it was short. what's with that dance scene??? the only reason i didn't walk out of this film was because it was so bad it got funny. maybe that was the plan! it's really bad when a cheap 60's tv show is better then a 90's 20 million dollar film. el mariachi cost only $7000 and is a much better film. don't even waste your money when it comes out on tape, it's not even worth renting.pure crap, decent cinematography... i liked some of colors. other than that, this was one of the worst movies i ever saw. boring, lifeless, not once did i find myself interested in any of the characters. i kept waiting for a real plot to form and the movie to pick up the pace. nothing ever happened! i think they spent too much time working on hair and wardrobe that they forgot there was a movie being made at the time.this may just be the worst movie of all time. never have i seen such horrible film making before in my life. its so bad i think i want to go watch barney instead. i advise everyone who reads this to write a petition to get this movie off of our film history so we can never hear from it again. i give it 1 out of 10.so, it's friday night and you want to go watch a movie...all you want is something entertaining, not too artsy, or anything that might require a long night of philosophical discussions. so, you pay $10 to watch the mod squad. the trailer to this movie should have tipped me off, but come on...it's three of hollywood's most beautiful people--eye candy. but that's about it...a string of moving prada ads. and what did hollywood producers forget? a plot. why are these kids running around the streets after some unknown enemy? where are they? but, don't worry, after a while, you'll just stop caring. i was on the verge of walking out of this movie, because i thought sitting in my room and staring at the wall might have been more productive (and free), but by that time, it was over (90 minutes--it's only saving grace). so, still willing to waste $10? go, get yourself a nice hot meal.my caddy limo was destroyed!!! well, i had one just like it - drove the hoi polloi and many of the chosen ones around manhattan for a few years. <br /><br />that was a whole lot more entertaining than this movie i can tell you. lordy, what a bomb - as in rpg go boom. i also drove a lot more stars in my white caddy than appeared in this dud of a flick. <br /><br />robert patrick is a very serious actor and did a credible job with the nonsense he had to work with. unfortunately, rutger hauer played his part like a red-nosed circus clown. if he couldn't take it serious why should his audience? the director should have kicked his butt off the set in the first hour of filming.<br /><br />the dialog was written by 10 yr old's for 8 yrs old's. surprised there wasn't a whole lot more cracking up on the sets. oh well, i am a movie fanatic - ergo - you must take the bad to get to the good.the mod squad gets started 'after' the formation of the 'mod squad' without even bothering to develop any of the characters or show us why anyone is doing what they are doing.<br /><br />moreover, most of the events in the movie seem ancillary to the plot. without even a smack of character development, the plot meanders from gen-x club scenes to action scenes and back again.<br /><br />i must preface this comment with a sort of admission: i suppose i just have a soft spot for the original 60s-70s tv series. i think the filmmakers here blew it from the get-go as far as casting: in a supposed remake, audiences would look for reflections of the hip, athletic linc (clarence williams iii), or the cool, with-it michael cole, and so forth. instead, we get giovanni ribisi as a poor-little-white rich boy who comes off as just pathetic, like he is in all his roles (in the office i used to work in, i amused myself once by creating a fake movie poster, casting various actors as members of the office staff; guess who i cast as the dorky son of the company president?). danes does ok as the new julie, but none of the characters have much to do, as the story just sort of sits there, mired in conventionality. so it's quite forgettable, besides. what was i talking about?i'm not one of those folks who bemoans everytime a film based on an old tv show comes out. rather, i usually run out and see it (if i had watched the show) and try to get nostalgic. but if anyone feels like running down films based on old shows, this is exhibit a (so you can actually say something more than just "mchale's navy"). "mod squad" is dreary, tiring, and lethargic. at least the original series was angst riddled long before anyone knew teens could be so glum, making it groundbreaking. this is just tedious. claire danes is nice to look at, but does nothing else but mood swing and sneak around spying on the baddies. giovanni ribisi's acting extent in this flick is that droopy the dog look for an hour and forty five minutes. and omar epps looks like he wants to flee the set, but the script's chlostraphobia has trapped him. sure, the production is nice, with the now seemingly obligitory "rave" nightclub opening action sequence and shootouts galore. oh, and the kids yell and get mad at each other and their superiors a lot too. it's kind of like deciding to use the scooby doo mystery machine to go on a family vacation to hollywood with your teenage kids who you and your spouse know need heavy therapy and prescription drugs. i really wanted to like this movie, and there were promising moments, but the next scene would suck the life out of it. you can knock another spelling remake, "charlie's angels", all you want, but at least that film knew it wanted to have fun with itself. "the mod squad" makes you wonder where the inspiration from the original series went.young writers, young auteur, young cast, busload of producers, what could go wrong? everything. even lame is too good a description, that suggests that three of four legs were functioning, when actually, none of them were. barely enough recycled plotline for a 48 and a half minute television hour, gratingly stretched to ninety minutes. the audience was talking back to the screen, so bad was the story. dirty cops steal drugs from the evidence locker. how many thousands of times has this been done on television? bad cops frame good cops. again, how many times? there was not an original shred in this entire concoction. giovanni ribisi made a valiant effort to prop up the lack of script, drawing the only laughs of the entire movie. and the thought of he and claire danes working from a real script with a grown-up director and photographed by an actual cinematographer intrigues me. note to screenwriters: buy one of those story generators. it can't possibly be as bad as ripping off bad television. note to auteur: there are shots available to you other than closeups. even the lovely and interesting face of claire danes eventually grows tiresome in closeup. note to cinematographer: apprentice yourself to a professional for a few years--you have much to learn. note to color timer at the lab: at least try to persuade the auteur and the cinematographer that they don't know what they're talking about. note to claire: i hope this paid for your new condo. it's time to get some professional management and start actually reading the scripts before signing on.i love these awful 80's summer camp movies. the best part about "party camp" is the fact that it literally has no plot. it simply drops a weak batch of "characters" into a location and then things occasionally happen. the cliches here are limitless (spoilers): the nerds vs. the jocks, the secret camera in the girls locker room, the hikers happening upon a nudist colony, the contest at the conclusion, the secretly horny camp administrators, and the embarrassingly foolish sexual innuendo littered throughout. the only cliche missing is the presence of corey feldman. this movie will make you laugh, but never intentionally. i repeat, never. a final note, be prepared to bust a gut watching the nonsense that is the "dramatic" scene where jerry riviera and d.a. share a beer late at night, spilling their guts to each other. the dialogue literally makes no sense, and the acting belongs on a high-school stage. it's a classic.there are movies that are leaders, and movies that are followers.<br /><br />"meatballs" was a leader. and here's one of its followers.<br /><br />"party camp" is about as interchangeable as any of its brethern who plumbed the depths that "meatballs" (the original) had so successfully mined. of course, that one had bill murray. so, what does "party camp" have?<br /><br />i'm glad you asked that question.<br /><br />jewel sheperd has made these flicks her bread and butter, and what a side dish she provides! even as an innocent (wink, wink) girlfriend to a rich twerp (cribb), she provides that sultry steam she gives to all her parts. and yes, guys, she shows (if you know what i mean and i think you do). my gosh, that smile of hers could melt through titanium.<br /><br />what? oh yeah, the movie. nothing special as i said; every cheap joke is aimed for and hit (at about crotch-level). and eternal teen jayne is good for a laugh or two. but instead of a sense of humor there's just nudity, lame sex jokes, more, nudity, a soft-core dream sequence, a sex symbol nurse simply for (clothed!) leering purposes, even more nudity....<br /><br />hmmm... maybe it's a good idea bill murray wasn't in this.<br /><br />two stars. for jewel, naturally. plenty of "camp", but not much of a "party".the worst movie i've seen in years (and i've seen a lot of movies). acting is terrible, there is no plot whatsoever, there is no point whatsoever, i felt robbed after i rented this movie. they recommended it to me mind you! a disgrace for terrible movies! stay away from this terrible piece of c**p. save your money !i watched this movie which i really thought had a promising beginning but then it just led me to feel disappointed in the end. the problem i think with this film was that the director was trying a bit to hard to make this film weird and original. there were too many flashbacks and too many bad "effects" which got me annoyed through the film. i love debbie harry and isaac hayes but they disappointed me in this film, they could of done much better. this film seemed promising in the beginning, dragging in the middle and then disappointing in the end. the film could never beat stanley kubrick's geniousness when it comes to controversial matters, weirdness and originality in movies.i picked this movie up because it sounded like a pretty decent flick, and i've always been a fan of foreign films. however, for someone who likes movies, i was surprised at how much i hate, hate, hated this movie.<br /><br />although it does aim to expose the lives of young, lowerclass men in lima, and to an extent it does succeeed, the characters are hopelessly shallow and the audience winds up having absolutely no feelings whatsoever for them.<br /><br />although the story chiefly revolves around m, he rarely ever speaks, and his dialouge is, at best, amazingly dry and dull.<br /><br />*** warning: some small spoilers ***<br /><br />basically, the story revolves around a young man named m who has been searching for jobs, but without success (he does gain employment twice, but quits because they're "not for him", when you're poor, the last option you have is to be picky). some amount of time is spent with his friends, who's idea of "fun" is to rape a little 14 year old, steal crappy tires off a piece of shit car for a dime sack of weed, and several other slightly retarded activities.<br /><br />m's friend comesup with a plan to make $25,000 a piece and move to the us by running cocaine to miami. when the drug lord gives them a job, we're treated to an extremely lame scene of the three friends buying clothes at the mall with some music playing in the background. we see them trying different clothes on like little girls given $200 to shop, get there hair cut, and then strutting off looking like slick gangsters (one character, carlos, will from this point on wear sunglasses always... even at night).the day before they leave, the leader of the group leaves to speak with the drug lord, leaving m and his friend to be dumb. they party up, take several samples of the drugs they're suppose to run, and break into thier old school, acting like animals and smashing everything in sight.<br /><br />the movie ends when m tries calling his girlfriend, who hangs up on him. the friends then proceed to set the pay phone on fire, which brings out a bunch of kids and some old man with gun. m and carlos' friend in charge of the drug run shows up on his motorcycle and wants them to leave with him now. then he takes off by himself, and gets shot by that old man. the police show up and arrest m and his friends (but not the man who shot the guy) and cover thier dead friend up with newspapers as music plays and it fades to credits.<br /><br />**** end spoiler ****<br /><br />i even watched this movie a second time, hoping to see some subtle, redeeming factor for it, but i did not. a complete waste of 102 minutes. although i must give it credit for being straightforward and not shying away from disturbing elements, the casting, acting, and overall direction still leaves much, much, much to be desired.<br /><br />imho, if you're interested in a movie that explores the issues this one was suppose to, go rent city of god (cidade de deus) instead. avoid this trash at all costs! you have been warned!!now this is a bad movie if i've ever seen one. in one of film's greatest years, 1999, detroit rock city contends with runaway bride and wild wild west for the bottom spot in a barrel of junkies. the plot is masterful. four scrawny high school youngsters finally have their chance at seeing the hard rock theatrics of kiss forâ?the third year in a row. so when their tickets are toiled by an ultra-religious, chain-smoking mom, the pals scramble themselves in getting to detroit, and i'm sure you can figure out the rest.<br /><br />well, not exactly; the movie does go to extreme measures in explaining how the four band members (no, not gene, paul, ace and peter) go about getting these tickets: losing your virginity in a confessional; saving a smoked-out bimbo and your mom's volvo (from the soprano's steve schirripa, nonetheless); preventing a robbery in the midst of botching one for a 12-year-old's debt; and of course, stripping down to your bare essentials for mc ron jeremy after shuttling a full blender with bourbon-leftovers. sounds funny, doesn't it? perhaps detroit rock city does have a point with all this tomfoolery in how extreme sometimes these fans can go. and we do understand this movie is a comedy; it is supposed to be filled with slapstick. but does detroit rock city aim to the proper audience? it is rated r, meaning the only way prepubescent adolescents-the audience as i see it, to which many will eventually hail this one a classic-will voyeur is through illegal terms.<br /><br />detroit rock city also fails at giving itself the late-1970's touch. the camera's texture quality is way too clear and way too bright, missing the necessary flair from films like this is spinal tap and sid & nancy. this would've allowed audiences to feel `more at home' with the times. simply costuming kids into pre-90's grunge-wear and settling others into `disco infernos' does not do the trick. environment does mean something you know; i doubt detroit looked this glamorous in '78. if there's anything positive coming from this movie it's the kick-ass soundtrack of hard late-70 to early-80's rock. van halen, ac/dc, you name it, it's all here. of course we can't forget kiss, the band aptly subjected throughout.<br /><br />what the film noticeably fails to manage are questions concerning why the knights of satin's service (it's really just kiss) were so frowned upon by moms around the nation. sure, the loud rock and devilish makeup might be a part of that; encouragements for youth to explore themselves and have a good time might be fair reasons as well. but, what is kiss saying in the music we hear throughout the film towards this highly rebellious group? what separates these anthems of `rock[ing] and roll[ing] all night and partying everyday' from the rest of the music? most likely, these questions will remain in a music communication class and not in the films that should answer them, simply because it is kiss and they rock and we must do everything in our god-forgiven power to see them.<br /><br />1.5/5 starsthis movie is astonishingly poor. it was on television when i tuned in during an action scene and was chuckling away at the cheesy macho dialogue, waiting for leslie nielsen to appear. it took me a couple of minutes to realise that it wasn't actually a comedy, it was meant to be taken seriously. what has to be remembered is that somebody actually sat down and wrote this movie, and worse still - other people funded it and gave it the green light.<br /><br />rutger hauer obviously doesn't read movie scripts before he signs up, either that or he has some seriously bad debts to pay.<br /><br />strangely, this film is so poor, that you find yourself staring at it, wondering how it actually got funded, and how a tv channel must have paid money for the rights to air it. the dialogue between hero and baddie whilst trying to shoot each other out of the sky is particularly painful, with dialogue sounding like it was generated by a texas intruments "speak & spell".<br /><br />the hollywood money machine at it's worst. funny though.sometimes you get exactly what you expect. a film produced and by and as a vehicle for a rock band in the middle of a comeback is not to be expected to rank high in artistic merit- and in this case it certainly doesn't. in fact, as expected, the soundtrack is a much better investment than the movie itself, which like the 70's rock and roll lifestyle it attempts to portray, is characterized by excess, drugs, and over-the-top antics, but unfortunately is not nearly as much fun. utilizing a script by carl dupre horrible enough to make a fellow screenwriter cringe, and wasting the talents of edward furlong, the sole highlight of this rock and roll period piece gone wrong is the music, most notably the elaborate recreating of a 1978 kiss concert.well the name in the summary should tell you everything. fred olen ray - the modern king of low budget flicks, be it for tv or direct to video (i doubt he produces for the silver screen anymore - with the death of drive-in b-movie double features and all).<br /><br />creator of such cult(?) classics, like hollywood chainsaw hookers and dinosaur island....<br /><br />well i kind of like this guys stuff. its mostly entertaining (in a distinctly cheesy, campy and especially cheap kind of way) and if he's one thing, he's a pro - something you can't say for all guys in the movie biz.<br /><br />but this one flick here is among the weaker ones in his oevre. insipid acting, an uninspired script and lame jokes conspire to make your brain go numb in a matter of minutes. if you are out for real f.o.r. goodness (or rather badness), look out for the above mentioned ones, and generally his stuff from the 70s and 80s (i think he lost a bit of his edge lately).this movie made me want to bang my head against the wall. it is hard to compare such badness as this to anything, but some say that watching this movie is similar to bleeding from under your fingernails. and that comment comes from the writer's cousin. this movie was so flipping bad, it made "hulk" (the second worst movie ever) look like "the departed" (one of the greatest movies in cinematic history). if you like boring family movies with predictable plot lines, then you will absolutely love this movie. if you have a brain, then you definitely will not. when i rented this movie, i actually fell asleep while watching it. the next day, i finished it from where i left off, and it was the worst decision of my life.when i borrowed this movie, i wasn't expecting a high-quality performance, but this was just sad.<br /><br />most of the acting was so unbelievably bad that you couldn't easily get into this movie if you tried. there's nothing quite like seeing a kid announce things like "oh no! my dad is invisible!" or "i wonder what this does?" in the same monotone that one might announce traffic advisories over the radio with. there are some good actors, but they are wasted on smaller parts.<br /><br />the story is decent, though it would be fairly easy to guess, considering that there aren't too many real plot changes. lots of holes, too. for example, the dad is invisible, and the inventor figures out what part is needed to make him visible again. so the boy goes and steals the part from an electronics store. couldn't he just ask his dad for the cash?<br /><br />this shows up in the comedy category, but most of the comedy in this movie was fairly dumb, like the invisible dad taking off his clothes while invisible and then almost reappearing naked during a meeting, or walking around with his head covered at all times. funny at first, but it gets old.<br /><br />2/5, because it is watchable, and it's one of those movies that are funny in their own way... like the monotone recitation of lines.okay, it's a movie for children, and it's not one of those movies that adults will enjoy as well. however, there are some unintentionally funny moments, most of them involving holes in the story. for example, the kid needs a computer part to bring his dad back to normal, and he doesn't have the money. so, does he ask his father for the dough? nope, he steals it and gets caught. kids, if i'm ever turned invisible, i'll advance your allowance, ok? also, while this kid is at the police station (no doubt about to be charged with criminally lame acting), his beautiful blond teacher comes in, announces who she is and where she works, then busts the child out of the slam in front of the cops! to make matters worse, instead of making a quick getaway, they then sit in the parking lot of the police station and laugh about their achievement. you know, i hate to pick, but the kid did steal something and ought to face the consequences, but maybe being in this movie is punishment enough. y'all avoid it!i received this movie as a birthday gift because all of my friends know i'm a big fan of low budget horror flicks. kaufman studios have always made the cheesy gory flicks that delivered. i loved to watch their films at home on rainy nights with my family...until i saw bugged...what happened?<br /><br />this movie started out with a pretty good concept about mutating bugs and even added some slick comedy but overall the writing is just bad and that was mistake number one. ronald k. armstrong should learn to first be a better writer before becoming a filmmaker. after reading the credits we discover he gave himself the most important role in the film!?! two words mr. director "acting lessons" ok? mr. armstrong joins the ranks of other writer/directors who cast themselves in their own movies and that's mistake number two. <br /><br />the only thing that i believed saved this film was the artistic camera work and the musical score, (let's hear it for the crew!) the cast of other actors who in the beginning of this production seemed a bit cold, really warmed up toward the middle and end of this production. everyone pulled together and helped to pull this film off. ronald armstrong may lack the talent to ever become a decent director or actor but, i'll say this of him-he seems to know how to organize people to get them all to come together and pull his productions off.<br /><br />this film, i have to say can be an inspiration to any young filmmaker who dreams of making their own movie because if mr. armstrong was able to pull this off, any one else can too. if you get a chance to see this film, watch it for the sake of getting inspired to do "better" in the future. hollywood needs bigger and better horror flicks to keep this genre coming back from it's grave.big spoiler right here: this film is b!a!d! but enjoy, it's good bad.<br /><br />bugged is the kind of film you can't believe exists, with dialog, plotting, and direction so ineptly handled that uncle ned's carlsbad cavern home video looks like an imax experience. since it's a troma flick, there's plenty of gross-out gore on tap, but its even sillier than usual.<br /><br />most of the production money seems to have gone into buying soda and sandwiches for cast and crew. the brilliant dialog is best summed up in the immortal, "%@#$! what was that?" which is second only to the oft screamed, "now what?"<br /><br />any knowledge of how people act in a desperate situation is alien to ronald armstrong, the writer/director. when one of the friends is found being eaten alive by a grasshopper/termite/chiapet thing, armstrong has the survivors immediately making time with cute, but dumb-as-a-doorknob, "divine." while she's being hit on, divine is cooking up a big steaming pot of a rat-poison/oatmeal mixture on the stove, stirring, smiling, stirring, smiling, never falling over dead from the fumes!<br /><br />the killer bugs are as frightening as piã±atas, which they too closely resemble. the effects used to move them include dragging them across tile floors real fast with their legs dragging behind.<br /><br />the highlight for the film would probably have been the house blowing up, but they were either out of cash or never had any, so instead of seeing even a miniature go up in flames, they simply let the screen go black (eat you heart out ilm).<br /><br />the cast is virtually all black. how can the naacp consistently censor something truly funny like amos and andy (which depicts characters certainly no less similiar than those on 99% of all white comedy shows), but says nary a peep about something like bugged. oh well, it's best they don't know about how demeaning this film is to all involved (as it would be if it were played by any single ethnic group, frankly). before they put the kabosh on bugged, get some friends together and get ready for the plan 9 of bug exterminator movies.in what attempts to be a positive story, dolph lundgren leads a group of mercenaries to take over a tropical island that looks a lot like paradise so that the men who hired his team can mine it for...bird droppings. actually, the nitrogen gas that exudes from the muck on this island is what they are after.<br /><br />there was only one good thing about this movie -- the island location in which it was filmed was beautiful. otherwise, the story drowns itself leaving the actors with nothing to work with. result: a lot of violence, a lot of language, lots of blood, and a few shots of women topless. if you want pointless violence (sorry, the storyline can't even give the violence a point, though it tries) then this is the movie for you.<br /><br />parents: be warned that this movie is full of violence and blood, driving the r rating.about the movie itself, there are ample comments. <br /><br />i just wanted to say something about the german version, which i have seen recently on tv. it is heavily cut. from 103 to 76 minutes! it is usual that the most bloody scenes are cut for german tv. i understand the reasons for that, but this movie was something else. they did not only cut "gore-shots" - they have cut entire sequences, sparing only glimpses. like: "we have to attack them" - one 5 second shot of explosions in the camp - protagonist running away.<br /><br />when the assault on the island begins, it isn't even possible anymore to follow the storyline. all the cuts create something that amounts to a string of erratic, disconnected scenes that don't make any sense anymore.<br /><br />i could not stand to watch the end after spending 60 minutes on this nonsense.<br /><br />i think i would have given the original 7/10 the german version is worth only 1/10<br /><br />get it on dvd (and check the runtime first) or forget about it.i rented this movie because it supposedly takes place in a jazz club -- you know, those hip, cool places you might stumble upon late on a saturday night. well, there's not one ounce of "cool" in this ridiculous movie. the score is goofy, the original songs are awful, both lead actors' singing is continually off-key (to be kind) and unprofessional at best, the plot is no more complex than "boy meets girl," the acting is laughable, and the only decent cinematic moments are the stock footage scenes. the jazz club scenes feature sophomoric dialog smothered by overly-busy organ music. this joey de francesco should keep his day job (unless his day job is helping with movie scores). is it possible to not only get my four dollars back, but have my therapy sessions paid for as well? this movie, interestingly enough, is so bad, you might want to watch it. sort of like driving by a bad accident -- you just have to look at least once. just get the ear plugs ready!it's as if the stay-puffed marshmallow man from ghostbusters had been reincarnated in rutger hauer's body and is taking revenge upon a rival's pregnant wife! if seeing an obese hauer chase a very pregnant isabel glaser (imagine the spine-tingling thrills in that contest) sounds good to you, see this film! seriously, if hauer is what an iraqi pow looks like after six years in prison, then hungry people everywhere should make a bee line to a jail in baghdad. overall "tactical assault" rates 2 stars instead of 1 because mike mitchell as hawk is terrific. mitchell burns up the screen as a nato pilot until his plane is burned up itself (by an enemy missle), whereupon the film loses what little verve it had to begin with.i am a huge amy adams fan and have been for many years. i am also a big fan of musicals. with that said this is not a good movie on any level. it is quite dull and the acting overall is very very poor. amy adams is awkward to watch act with scott g. anderson due to the fact that she is in another league when it comes to acting. all the performances come off as very amateur. the music performances are pleasant, but nothing special. <br /><br />scott g. anderson is just an bad actor! i assumed he was put in this movie because he has a great voice, but it's just not the case. he has an average voice and sings on key, but that's about it.<br /><br />i guess i can see why amy adams did this movie with the singing element i just wish she had not. i could rant about other poor elements of this movie, but i'll leave it at that.having endured this film last night, i turned off the dvd player with a sense of deserving a medal for having the stamina to see it through to the end. throughout the film i felt that i was watching the storyline fillers that you get in a high budget porn movie. the acting was stiff and taut, camera work appalling, and the locations and sets were so poor it felt like they had borrowed them from the local high school "amateur dramatic's society".<br /><br />the only saving grace for this movie was that it had amy adams and harriet sansom harris in its credits, other than that it was pure dribble.i would say this is a background movie. play it the background as your tending to busy work (laundry, checking email, etc). i thought this was a film that was done before amy adams became successful after enchanted. wrong! it was done in 2009! the screenplay/script is pretty awful. i love musicals but the singing is just average and doesn't move the plot along. ughh. it almost seems like it's a made for tv movie based on the cinematography. am i watching a tv show? <br /><br />even the secretary breaks out into song. what the f@#$ is going on?! actually she seemed to have the best voice. amy adams was so great in enchanted. lead actor is average. disappointed for sure. this movie would have been good for lifetime, but that's about it. :(i watched this film because i thought it would be a classic amy adams movie. wow, this movie is so bad on so many levels it staggers the imagination. it is poorly constructed for one, also the script and the acting is just awful. but hey even johnny depp has a slew of bad films under his belt. the upside of this movie would be amy singing, and even on that score i believe better songs could have been chosen. amy is of course beautiful to see and if you are a die-hard fan of hers you will probably watch this title no matter what, just don't expect too much. i wish i could have found more to like but it was just painful to watch. i recommend sunshine cleaning or doubt.great subject matter, director, and cast somehow adds up to a truly abysmal film, told in that flat, semi-documentary style that was so popular around the time this film was made. (and hello, this is not a film-noir!) the lackluster, overly complicated, over-populated story has no arc, no focus point, little excitement, and staggers from one scene to the next with no discernible purpose, other than as a valentine to the supposed and highly doubtful cooperation between the american and mexican governments on the issue of illegal immigration. <br /><br />the scene that made me hate this film is when montalban and mitchell make a daring escape from their captors, race to presumably save montalban's injured partner from being murdered by a goon with a gun driving a piece of farm machinery, montalban says something like, "quick - we must try to save him," but instead of doing so they lie on their stomachs and watch in agony for about 5 (!) minutes of screen time as the machine bears down on murphy and finally runs him over (or so we assume - the machine simply stops, another goon detects the presence of the two "rescuers" and shoots at them as they run off again.) scene over. the whole thing is so horribly filmed and utterly anticlimatic. there's nothing worse than a protagonist (ostensibly, montalban, though he's off screen for over half the film) who doesn't even try. jeez, ricardo, do something!<br /><br />i know it's anthony mann, but hell, not all of his films are classics, people. how bad does an old movie have to be around here to get anything lower than a 6 rating?how could a film dealing with illegal mexican immigrants being robbed and beaten over the border be dull? well, "border incident" is.<br /><br />no wonder that song and dance man george murphy's career ended not long after this terrible film came out. politics was certainly a way out for this future senator who dies a horrible death in this slowly paced film. the film stereotypes the typical mexican migrant farmer worker as dimwitted and awfully dull.<br /><br />the film only picks up in intensity once the identities of murphy and ricardo montalban have been discovered as federal agents for the u.s. and mexico respectively.<br /><br />disappointing at best, we see similar problems in our very own society today.i just saw this on tcm tonight and was shocked at the over-acting by jean arthur. her bugging her eyes out in surprise and just generally over-doing everything was not in the same style as dietrich and art lund. dietrich was marvelous in her restraint and comic timing. she being the best thing in this movie. the wilder gags were flat and frankly more like something a freshman in college would write trying to "get away" w/being wicked,witty and dirty, but just sounded boring and not funny at all. it seemed the humor was being pushed too hard to be funny. the ending was totally contrived. <br /><br />spoiler ahead: never for a moment did i believe that art lund suddenly fell outta love w/dietrich and then was suddenly madly in love w/arthur. oh, billy. get real! 3 out of 10.when i first saw this movie in the theater i was so angry. it completely blew in my opinion. i didn't see it for a decade then decided what the hell, let's see. i'm watching all hellraiser movies now to see where it went wrong. my guess is it was with sequel 5 that was the first to implement the whole "i am in a dream omg i see weird stuff, oh noes what is happening, oh its a dream, oh its not a dream, oh wait i see something spooky, oh never mind"-sucky storyline. those sequels don't even require the box to be opened, or stick to the rules from the first 4 movies that if you saw pinhead you are pretty much screwed and dead. the first 3 hellraisers sticked to this storyline which made it so scary in the first place. nothing fantasy, nothing weird, the box got opened boom they came. kirstey was the only one that could bargain her way out of it, first because of uncle frank. then because she had information about the cenobites. this movie at least attempts to stick to all that, even though it was a bad story it was still somewhat hellraiser. no i'm pretty sure part 5 was the first part to completely and utterly destroy the hellraiser series. now they are remaking 1, and i don't even think i will watch it. oh who am i kidding i probably will and probably will be disappointed.... again.this movie is so bad and hellraiser part 1 to 3 are so great. nothing is good bloodline... a lot of gore but without meaning and the majority of time without originality. the movie is about the past, the present (1996) and the future of the puzzle box. the creator of the box and his offspring fight against some demon but nothing link up seriously the 3 stories. pinhead is in the movie...but it isn't pinhead, he is just a boring bad guy who kidnap kids and kill bird, and the worse...he talk too much. a thing that i really didn't understand is why the dog from hell????? he can't be a cenobites because he had nothing human. why the dog can be killed by the pressure if the other creature from hell can receive bullets without problems????? bloodline is incoherent with the movie series in many ways. for example pinhead and angelique are old friend in this movie but it's impossible that pinhead met angelique because pinhead is just a soldier from the first world war and angelique is an old demon and she live in paris since sometimes like 200 years.this fourth installment of the series is the last to get a theatrical release,though it feels like a direct to video movie.it's ok,i guess,but nothing special.the acting is the worst of seen in the series up to this point.and like the third movie,there isn't much in the way of imagination.also,the sentence "directed by alan smithee" is never a good thing.smithee is the pseudonym directors use when they want nothing to do with the movie.anyway,its an acceptable movie in the hellraiser series,but not much more than that.it's a slight drop in quality from number three,and a huge drop from the first two.for me,hellraiser iv:bloodline is a 4.5/10... said the continuity announcer as tactical assault was about to be broadcast . after seeing the first two minutes i started thinking rutger might want to get a new agent . after seeing the next ten minutes i started thinking rutger might want to retire thereby saving a potential audience from any more of his performances <br /><br />yup this is a truly terrible movie . i wasn't expecting much and why should i if the name rutget hauer appeared in the credits , but within seconds of the opening title credits that featured nato warplanes with ussr markings bombing bosnia i realised i was going to be force fed inedible turkey three months after christmas .<br /><br />the attention to detail is non existent . nato planes carry ussr markings then were told hauer's character spent six years in an iraqi prison which would make the setting 1997 . what nato were bombing the serbs in 1997 ! i guess the producers didn't think the audience would have noticed this ridiculous inaccuracy but i know i did . the producers also probably hoped the audience wouldn't notice the lack of continuity such as dogfights with iraqi jets that suddenly turned from migs to f-4 phantoms then back again but i did . even stranger characters would take off in f-16s then when they arrive back at base there jet has changed into a soviet built mig <br /><br />oh and if you're expecting a dumb action movie you're only half right because it's dumb but most of the plot centres around a basic instinct revenge plot . i'll give the producers some credit ( maybe credit is too strong a word ) because after seeing plots featuring nannies from hell , policemen from hell , flat mates from hell we now have a fighter pilot from hell which means every single occupation of the 20th century has featured in a from hell type plot with perhaps tatical assualt being the worst movie of the lot***spoilers!*** i sometimes wonder what makes sequel-makers think that they have to explain (and therefore destroy) the mysteries behind iconic horror films. the original "hellraiser" of 1987 was an absolute masterpiece and probably one of the scariest films ever made. the 1988 sequel "hellbound" was also a fantastic horror film, though i personally didn't like how the viewer got background information on the cenobites, some of the all-time creepiest horror-villains in the original. the third part, "hell on earth" (1992) was already quite a mess, whose makers obviously thought it necessary to add a dose of humor to the formerly incomparably creepy lead-cenobite pinhead (a typical 90s stupidity) and therefore destroyed most of his scariness. this fourth part "hellraiser: bloodline" (1996) is slightly more atmospheric than the third one, but it lowers this quality by inventing even more silly and completely unnecessary 'background information' about the cenobites and the opening of the gates to hell.<br /><br />seriously - did we need to know how the mysterious puzzle boxes that open the gates to hell are being made? i think not, and that is not the only mystery about the cenobites that is stupidly destroyed in this film. the setting of "bloodline" goes back and forth in three different periods. the film begins in a 22nd century space-station, when scientist dr. merchant (bruce ramsay) attempts to close the gates to hell forever. when government soldiers disrupt his mission he has to explain his reasons. in 18th century paris, merchant's ancestor was a toymaker assigned to build a puzzle box by an aristocrat obsessed with the occult. an evoked demon, the princess of hell, took over the body of the beautiful angelique (valentina vargas). since the only person capable of destroying the gateway to hell is the one who built it, the bloodline of the toymaker would be cursed and his ancestors infested by cenobites throughout the ages... the film, which takes place in the 18th century, the present, and the 22nd century, really is quite a mess. i admit that the part set in the 18th century has a creepy atmosphere and is by far the best part of the film, but its also its smallest part. the parts set in the present and in the future are quite weak, and filled with stupid and unworthy elements. the film's undoubtedly strong points are the terrific make-up and gore-effects, the absolutely ravishing valentina varagas as the she-demon, and pinhead (doug bradley), who, in spite of having lost some of his creepiness, still is a menacing villain. it is an almost offensive idea for "hellraiser" fans, however, that pinhead is supposed be defeated by a ridiculous light-show. overall, "bloodline" is not a complete disaster, but it sure is an unworthy sequel to a series that began so brilliantly. even director kevin yagher was obviously embarrassed about it, as he preferred to be credited as alan smithee. overall, this is only recommendable to hardcore pinhead-fanatics, and most of them are probably going to be angered by another diminution of their favorite demon's creepiness. all others are well-advised to stick with the brilliant first, and excellent second part of the "hellraiser" franchise and skip all the others. the makeup effects in "bloodline" are creepy as hell, but almost everything else is disappointing. my rating: 3.5/10it's true, no one really expects anything from sequels. but even by that low standard this is a terrible film.<br /><br />essentially an anthology movie, this fourth installment in the hellraiser saga tries to be an origins story and a wind-up to the entire series at the same time. an ambitious idea. but none of the cast is given enough screen time to do anything with their characters and rookie director yagher abandoned the film rather than give in to studio meddling. the result is a steaming pile of mediocrity that even fanboys have trouble defending. unless you're an "alan smithee" fan, avoid this one.hellraiser: bloodline is where the sequel mediocrity of the hellraiser series well and truly sets in. gone is the imagination and invention of the first two movies. gone is the ethos of pinhead and his minions. gone are the sick desires of humans. in fact everything that once made hellraiser so original has been trashed by this mess of a picture.<br /><br />all that is left is that basic premise of christian mythology that there is a hell with evil demons. what happened to the evil that men do? this watered down excuse for a hellraiser movie is padded out with endless psycho babble, so that pinhead becomes a nonsense spouting philosopher and not the harbinger of doom as he is meant to be. <br /><br />the film uses the most basic of film formulas with characters separating and getting individually killed. pinhead is not alien. the link between the box and the 'demons' or 'hell' is never established it just arrives at a sacrifice and sits on a sideboard.<br /><br />the lead female character is called 'rimmer' and the producers obviously think it really funny because everyone keep saying her name. really the film should have been retitled to give it that characters name.<br /><br />shame on you kevin yagher and alan smithee.some sort of accolades must be given to `hellraiser: bloodline'. it's actually out full-mooned full moon. it bears all the marks of, say, your `demonic toys' or `puppet master' series, without their dopey, uh, charm? full moon can get away with silly product because they know it's silly. these hellraiser things, man, do they ever take themselves seriously. this increasingly stupid franchise (though not nearly as stupid as i am for having watched it) once made up for its low budgets by being stylish. now it's just ish.hellraiser: bloodline is only a so-so film. i believe it's the fourth installment in the hellraiser series.<br /><br />i missed the beginning, and all i remember from there was some topless women and a box-shape thing on a computer screen. but, using my wit and intelligence, (and the info button) i soon found out that the villain (pinhead) was released from pandora's box, which, i believe is a gateway straight to hell.<br /><br />so, anyways, pinhead somehow comes out of the box and terrorizes the "toymaker's" family. and, that's about it. oh, and not to mention the random tortures of various people that cross his path. yawn.<br /><br />what mainly happens in this film is that pinhead captures the kid, and then unleashes the dog on his wife, and then kills a random person. then he husband comes along, blah, blah, blah. who cares? why it fails is because hellraiser: bloodline is too corny to be scary. look at pinhead's minion of creatures: a cheesy dog that looks like it's been turned inside out, two men whose heads and bodies are connected together, (siamese twins in a horror film?) and some person who is supposed to be a princess of some sort. (i haven't seen the previous films.) now look at the main villain. his name is pinhead. isn't that the name you call somebody when they're stupid? he has pins in his head and hooks coming out of his fingers, and he has blue skin. i suppose he would make a decent villain if he didn't have such a corny name, and a corny speech. somewhere in the film, two cops approach him and say "don't make us put some pain on you!" pinhead replies "pain? how dare you use that word! i am painâ?" blah, blah, blah, blah blah. it sounds a bit clichã© if you ask me.<br /><br />don't forget the final half of the movie. the characters (and audience) get to experience more torture when pinhead attacks some futuristic asylum. some person who we don't recognize (maybe he was in the previous films. i don't remember him in the beginning of the movie.) this scene is basically one thing played over and over again: <br /><br />a guard goes to inspect a mysterious noise.<br /><br />some other guard: "oh no! he's down. i will go check on himâ?by myself!"<br /><br />after he dies the same thing happens again.<br /><br />(spoilers) here's the thing i didn't get. in the film pinhead is supposedly sent to oblivion at the end. so, how does he come back for another four films? are they prequels? why hasn't he died in the previous ones? geez. the makers need to come up with an idea for a different series. (end of spoilers) hellraiser: bloodline is gory and full of torture scenes, but has little thrill or scare value. just forget it. bad special effects with badâ?everything else make this more of a snooze-fest than a good horror.<br /><br />good: wellâ?some people may enjoy the topless women in the beginning. plus, pinhead's voice is pretty cool. i suppose if you like ultra-violence, you might like this too.<br /><br />bad: none of the reasons above make this a very good film. the corniness and repetitiveness are pretty bad. and, who names their villain pinhead?<br /><br />feel free to send me a private message regarding this comment.there's lots of ketchup but not a whole lot of sense in the supposedly explanatory third sequel, which piles on the naff visuals to no effect. good old alan smithee directed this one, in which various members of the same family (all played, poorly, by bruce ramsay) are terrorised by pinhead (doug bradley, wheeled out of mothballs for the umpteenth time). peter atkins tries to imbue his script with poetic touches but doesn't seem to realise that his dialogue is as deep and meaningful as a plate of sick. the incoherent plot fails to adequately fill the movie's meagre running time, although this may have more to do with studio interference than anything the filmmakers intended.in the xxii century an architect by the name of merchant (bruce ramsay) commandeers a space station, which he personally designed. as can be predicted a special force is sent to retake the expensive station and put merchant into custody. upon arrival they find him partaking in a weird ritual with the use of a mysterious cubical. during interrogation he reveals that they must let him finish, what he has started or else the hell he has released will bathe in blood... in order to convince the officers holding him captive he reminisces about his heritage, about the toymaker who built the box and about the reasons as to why he is here in space...<br /><br />the movie that is essentially the same to hellraiser, that the quickening was to highlander. something to be ignored and forgotten, as so it won't influence the lore of hellraiser to much. by far the most trashy of the franchise with a much more low-grade feel to it than its predecessors (who let's face it were b or c class films).<br /><br />acting at times seems to be influenced by a mid-budget porn-flick with wooden unbelievable performances, that actually have you thinking: so when are they going to undress and start with the intercourse? surprisingly not much sex in the movie, albeit the introduction of the seductress-demon angelique (a totally superfluous character that unnecessarily messes with what we know of the world of hellraiser) offers ample opportunities for the love-making.<br /><br />basically the movie consists of three abruptly pasted together separate short stories (one in the future, one in the present and one in the past) which lack focus and are rushed along in amateurish fashion. the end result is extremely poor, basically underlined by the fact you have no interest into what happens to any of the characters in the film.<br /><br />some decent gore in the flick, but apart from that an utter failure.by the time the hellraiser franchise was reaching it's forth film the premise was wearing a bit thin. dr. paul merchant (bruce ramsey) is a scientist in the future, whom while prisoner regales his captor of the story of how his ancestors (all played by ramsey) had first built the evil lament configuration puzzle-box that sets evil upon the world and how his bloodline had subsequent dealing with said box. the film is a awash with lack of continuity in regards to the other films and lack of coherency in this one. yes, this could be due to a combination of rewrites, massive cuts in the original version of the film, or what have you. but i'm reviewing the film as is, and not what it was or could have been. and as it is now it's a mess. sure the franchise will go on indefinitely with direct to dvd sequels, but this one was pretty much a death-nail to it's chances of getting a new one released theatrically ever again.<br /><br />my grade: d-after the failure of "hellraiser iii: hell on earth," the chapter that served as a kind of 'death blow' to the franchise, another embarrassing cheapo cash-in did not come as a surprise. an abysmal attempt to explain every single mystery of pinhead and the puzzle box, covering literally centuries of history, in a film that runs under 90 minutes... on display is sub-par to wretched acting, sup-par to wretched b-movie special effects, and a ludicrous and insulting attempt at dark humour, while still attempting to keep the whole project completely serious. i'm wondering, how many freaking directors did this thing have? poor pinhead has so much screen time, that every bit of mystery and menace that this iconic character possessed, is completely lost. after an hour of hearing long-winded speeches and dramatic posturing, we simply want to tell the guy to shut up! mildly entertaining in spots, especially in the first segment, this mess begins to look and feel like a cheap, ugly made for tv splatter flick after a while, and ends in the most ridiculous way imaginable: pinhead, along with his pet cenobite dog, killing a bunch of idiots... in outer space! i'm sorry, but any true fan of the first two films in the series, that gave this abortion of a film more than 3 stars, should be ashamed. on a side note, the film that follows; "hellraiser: inferno" is actually a surprisingly intelligent, and stylishly-made film-noir piece, that brilliantly reinstates 'pinhead' as a master of illusion and cruelty, and brings back the concept of the inherent evil in human kind, that was the centerpiece of the original film, and the whole point of the story. for any serious horror fan, see hellraiser i & ii, skip the lousy iii & this one, and continue with 'inferno.' you won't miss a thing by skipping this garbage...the joe cool review - hellraiser: bloodline<br /><br />starring: bruce ramsay as phillip l'merchant/john merchant/dr. paul merchant, valentina vargas as angelique and doug bradley as pinhead<br /><br />plot: this follows a timeline of the lineage of the merchant bloodline, which started with phillip l'merchant, who created the box that opens the doorway to hell. starting with the 18th century to present time when pinhead first meets merchant and tries to sever the bloodline..(he's the only one who can stop pinhead, you see) and finally in the future, in space, where paul merchant has finally figured out how to send pinhead to hell for good.<br /><br />openers: this is a movie hated so much by the people who made it, they declared fictional director alan smithee would be the credited director. they only pull smithee out of the woodwork when they really think they've made a terrible movie, such as classics as the birds ii: land's end or bloodsucking pharaohs in pittsburgh. no i didn't make that up. how did i like it? you're reading this so i'm sure that's what you want to know.<br /><br />the good: this movie isn't as bad as you've been led to believe. oh i'm not going to sugar-coat it. this movie was filled with so much potential and ended up being a disaster, but it does have some positives. cooler cenobites this time around for starters, such as the twins and the demon angelique. pinhead is still in a main role, and still has good lines("pain has a face, allow me to show it to you") and it's somewhat entertaining throughout. gorehounds will love the movie because of it's endless supply. there is also some continuity with the rest of the series, although you'll have to look hard to see it. the chatterer dog is awesome.<br /><br />the bad: but for a story about hell vs the cursed merchant bloodline that could close the gateway forever, it was really complicated and held together with duct tape. nothing was really explored to it's full potential and there were some really stupid things included. pinhead kidnaps a kid and holds him for ransom! random deaths just to feature more blood(not always a bad thing, but not for the sake of the story). pinhead is at his worst here, he rants and rants and rants even when he's about to die! for the very smart demon that he used to be, he's been reduced to nothing more than a bond villain, at best. if hellraiser fans ever needed a reason why he was moved back into a cameo like role, this is it. bloodline ruined it for us all.<br /><br />the ugly: gore is always mentioned here. this one has skin ripping, drilling, hook impaling, beheadings, and more goodies. the chatterer dog, while awesome, reeks of bad special effects during the chase scenes.<br /><br />final verdict: this movie had the potential for something great, even hellbound levels of greatness. but all of that was wasted. who knows exactly what went down to produce this crap, but we can only blame alan smithee.<br /><br />compared to the rest: this movie is the worst of the hellraiser series. for completists only.<br /><br />rating: 1/2* of *****there is nothing original,humane or insightful in this film. the acting is average, images are amateurish, the writing lacks subtlety and the scenes are very basic...something close to a soap.<br /><br />in 2:37,a suicide is used to turn the film into a suspense drama. we watch, partly, because we want to know who dies. the various characters each have a problem, and the film shows how bad each problem is for them, but only as a way to get them each to a place where you think they might kill themselves. despite the different points of view offered by the camera on the key events, there is never another way of seeing the events themselves. so in 2:37, the arseholes are arseholes, the angels are angels. this is simple stuff.<br /><br />without this complexity, the film emerges as a voyeuristic tale of youth sex and violence. you hardly get to know the kids as much as the breasts, bodies and limps that the filmmaker passes off as characterisation.<br /><br />in the end, if you know anything about film in the last 5 years, 2:37 is just an immature rip off of elephant - not a meditation, not a progression. yet while the filmmaker and distributor use the alleged suicide of a friend at every chance to give the film some legitimacy, they never talk about gus van sant or elephant. the positive posts on imdb curiously avoid any mention of this, or simply don't value originality. if you do want something with heart and voice - avoid this piece of youth exploitation. i was surprised by the filmmakers age when i found out after seeing this film - i had assumed a 13 year old had made it. the twenty somethings i've always known are too busy trying to express something real in them to lift the work of an old man.rarely seen a movie that deviates so much from the original premise and still remains (more or less) acceptableâ?bloodline is a rather short (which is a good thing in this case) escapade that focuses on the mysterious hellraiser box. who wanted it to be made and how it cast a spell on the entire bloodline of the man who eventually created it. we're introduced to 3 generations of the merchant family (all played by bruce ramsey); one in 18th century paris, one in the present day and the last one in a future galaxy far, far awayâ? opinions on this storyline may differ a lotâ?either you think it's very idiotic and far-fetched orâ?original and dared. the initial atmosphere and setting by clive barker has completely vanished, yet the morbid surrounding remains and several sequences are still very creepy and unsettling. hellraiser: bloodline contains quite a lot of exquisite slaughtering and the charismatic presence of pinhead (doug bradley) still is an extra horror-value. pinhead â? accompanied by a pet puppy this time â? still knows how to killâ?too bad he talks too much and his vicious speeches tend to get boring quickly. best aspects in this production are the newly introduced `cenobites' and the occult parisian portrait. giant turn-offs are the weak script, the absence of the typical macabre humor and the lack of references to barker's initial masterpiece. <br /><br />although not highly memorable itself, bloodline stands as the last watchable hellraiser film. after this sequel, the series went downhill completely. so far, 2 more sequels came out (2 more are still in process) and neither of those is worth seeing. hellraiser:bloodline suffered from a lot of production difficulties and the director eventually preferred to be credited as alan smitheeâ?meaning he doesn't want to be remembered as the director of it. who could blame him?never mind the serious logic gaps, never mind the achingly cliche character portrayals, never mind the haphazard writing, and you might like this movie. the main character alyssa was supposed to be endearing, the heroine who you root for to be saved,(or in this case, save herself) but instead she merely grates, and makes one wonder, are all pro ballerinas really that stupid? her busybody mother was obviously only necessary to further propagate the illusion that ballet companies are evil monsters ready to snatch your poor, innocent, young girl from your grasp, with an ever present, biting artistic director/villain. and the cliche's! not only does she become anorexic, bulemic, an over the counter junkie, and a pathological liar, but all in the course of a few months. it's like the writer read every horror story he could dig up about ballet and decided to see how much he could cram into two hours, (with commercials).<br /><br />believe it or not, but i am a dancer. this "uprising" or "resurgence" of anorexia and bulemia that is happening is nonexistent at all of the dance schools i have attended. in fact, the teachers are so scared to even suggest that a girl might stand a better chance a few pounds lighter, most of the dancers in my classes would be actually considered minorly overweight. i'm not saying eating disorders never occur, but not to the extent as it was portrayed in the movie.<br /><br />another annoying problem this movie had was the means-to-an-end writing style. her on again off again boyfriend probably had all of half an hour total screen time, all in the first half. the other supporting characters were merely props, decorations to further the story. given the right dialogue, this would have been a very intricate mind study of a psycological problem. as it is, it turns into a one woman show, and kimberly mccullough doesn't have the chutzpah to pull it off.<br /><br />to a non dancer, this movie would be a supposed "insight" into what really goes one behind closed doors at a ballet company. to a dancer, this is a very insulting movie, which portrays ballerinas as stupid and parents as pushy and ill informed. those adjectives more correctly describe the people who got this on the air in the first place. 3/10i just purchased this movie because i love to donate to operation smile, the charity on which the movie was based...but i found the writing of the movie to be very strange. it t does not really focus so much on operation smile or similar organizations like the smile train and their herculean efforts to relieve the suffering of children born with facial deformities in third world countries. no, it concentrates on an american teenage volunteer, katie, whose "over-privileged" life in malibu, california, includes a mother who brings her to a doctor so that she'll have birth control pills in her before she sleeps with her boyfriend. what is this birth control nonsense supposed to do, titillate the audience? it's 2005. i'd be more surprised if in 2005 a malibu teen wasn't on birth control, and even if she is, so what and who cares? contrasting katie is the character of lin in china, a girl with a facial deformity who missed last year's chance to get an operation and this year does not want to have one. neither character is written in such a way that the audience can really identify with, let alone understand the motivations of, either girl. on the other hand, the actors do an adequate job of trying to play the bad hand they were dealt by whoever wrote this ridiculous script. the best performance was by the gentleman playing lin's father although much of his dialogue is in chinese and subtitled. operation smile deserved to be honored by a much better movie than this!not to be confused with michael ritchie's nasty 1975 beauty pageant spoof, this "smile" is a down-turned example of those good intentions paving the road to hell.<br /><br />the film parallels two stories: an impoverished chinese father sacrifices his wife and son to raise a facially-deformed orphan named ling (yi ding), and a tv-spawned malibu family act out "gidget get birth control." katie (mika booram, the third olsen twin) plays a spoiled, self-absorbed high schooler distanced from reality. her teacher (sean astin) paves the way for a school trip to china aimed at showing students how to work with deformed children.<br /><br />the film uses deformity as a means of suspense by treating ling like the frankenstein monster. kramer continually masks her deformity through hats, hoods and camera placement. this approach exploits the freak show quality inherent in the material. she may be uncomfortable with the way society views her and kramer's answer is to cover her up until the big reveal. why disturb your audience with such unpleasantness? we see her face briefly at the end and only minutes before closing-credit snapshots of her after surgery disclose a swan beneath the harelip. it is not good enough to give the girl a reason to live; what is imperative is ling being equally as hot and popular as katie.<br /><br />funding for the film came from a trust established by the late roy rogers and dale evans. they envisioned a heritage of quality family films. give me "son of paleface" any day.this movie is terrible, it was so difficult to believe that katie became a heartfelt teenager with the power to save the pity chinese people, the movie didn't show any convincing argument to prove that. and the rest of the plot didn't make any effort to show us more than a cheap common sense... <br /><br />the plot is ridiculous and the only thing we can extract from it is that it demonstrate how arrogant a human can be. katie must have inherited her arrogance from her mother, the most annoying character i have seen for a long time. <br /><br />the acting and scenery were ok, but the plot ruins everything, full of cheap clichã©s and hypocritical scenes, i expect not to see this movie again in my life. skip this one!the characterization in this movie is among the worst i've ever encountered. the dialogue is trite and clichã© to the point of extreme distraction. none of the issues the characters face are developed at all--they're merely surface details intended to get a point across without having to actually come up with believable dialogue to support said point. also, the depiction of the chinese characters leaves a bit to be desired--i find it hard to believe that the chinese father learns flawless english from a book(or so it is implied in one scene) so he can teach it to his daughter. etc.<br /><br />the smile train is a great organization and it's a nice idea, to make a heartstring-tugging film about the impact a program like this can have on kids' lives, but overall, i found this movie to be more frustrating than anything.the story line of a man's love for an innocent baby he finds with a malformed face and on the opposite side of the world a shallow self centered "valley girl" who shares a birth date with her and ends up making a big difference in both of there lives. what a great and worthy story line. but in this telling the screen writing and/or directing and/or editing is so poor as to take most of the joy out of the story. linda hamilton's character goes from understanding mom to wicked witch and back faster than a speeding bullet, and for what purpose? conflict, conflict, conflict, at the drop of a hat. katie (the california girl) and her boyfriend, katie's mom and everybody, including the poor lady at the airport check-in counter, lin's adopted father, who is the nicest, most considerate man alive, and his wife and biological son, all in constant conflict. i really wanted to enjoy a heartwarming story, but the only thing that made me smile was when all the hate and fighting were over. there were too many unexplained or illogical events, many of which don't add to the story. my wife and i kept looking at each other and asking ourselves how such a good cast and what should be a great story, could be crapped up so badly....without anything to walk away with. this movie starts with scenes in china with the finding of a newborn. while this is not a new concept, i wasn't going to give up right there. then there is a flash forward to adolescence. the man's wife and biological child are fed up with the father who has neglected them. while this did not seem culturally accurate, and the movie made no move to develop these characters or the purpose for the adopted father's devotion, i pressed on.<br /><br />next, we're in malibu where we are bombarded by poorly constructed classroom interaction and terribly low-budget (fill in the blank: acting/camera work/lighting).<br /><br />i won't give away any more of the plot, because i suppose the synopsis is accurate: the movie is meant to show how a malibu girl who (though she seems to innately have the compassion and interest to help others when she immediately asks her teacher about the trip to china) is spoiled and inconsiderate, finds herself as being a healer and helper of both body and spirit.<br /><br />lame. lame, lame, lame.<br /><br />now i, admittedly, am a harsh critic, so maybe take one of those lame's away and you'll be on the mark.two redeeming qualities of this film were the cinemaphotography and a storyline that was hard to resist. however, the script, the direction, and some scenes, were just awful. i kept asking myself why such a good cast would have produced such a bad movie. my only conclusion was that these actors must believe in the charity which underlies the plot of the movie, but knew the movie was filled with flaws.<br /><br />this film could have been so much better, and reached a larger audience accordingly. what makes me think this is that with all of the problems of the film, some scenes being painfully bad to watch, i still wanted to see how the obvious conclusion would resolve itself.the pace of this movie is quite slow. it takes about 70 minutes to get katie to china (which we know that she will) and leaves 30 minutes to wrap things up. the storyline is so predictable that you know everything after about 5 minutes. nothing surprises you. i guess that the movie is a coming of age movie but the movie is full of stereotypes that are quite over the top:<br /><br />katie - a beauty that realizes that looks, boys and shopping isn't everything. she realizes that she can "feel" and "see the real world". touching.<br /><br />the mother - high strung, nervous, screaming mother (wow very innovative) that need taking care of by a strong man.<br /><br />the father - patient and always understanding and takes care of the incapable woman.<br /><br />the boyfriend that only wants to get into her pants.<br /><br />the comedian clown chinese guy that doesn't know how to speak english properly and made a laughing stock. thought hollywood dropped those characters in the mid fifties.<br /><br />the nurse that at times knows everything how to get around in china that in the next moment is a carbon copy of the mother i.e. a woman who cant handle the situation or knows anything.<br /><br />the deformed chinese girl that with the help of us westerns get help and become a beautiful girl. because in china (a third world country according to the film) don't have anything and hence needs our charity. gah, wake up and smell what you are shoveling.<br /><br />sure that there are some poverty in china but the portrayal of the aid from western countries (read usa) is so shallow and happy ending-ish that it is sad and revolting. shanghai (where the movie is set) is the most expanding and evolving city in the world at the moment.<br /><br />the chinese father that is so nice and goodhearted that in the end has one wish ... to be a cowboy with a white hat ...<br /><br />the teacher (sean astin) that has this really heart ripping story (not) that he tells without feel. why sean? why!?<br /><br />etc etc. it is difficult to actually finding a "real" person in the entire movie.<br /><br />this is nothing but a feel good movie for americans below age 15. if you want to learn anything about the world watch e.g. hotel rwanda instead. for a better life story or coming of age movie i suggest you watch the italian "cinema paradiso" that won the best foreign film academy reward some years back.<br /><br />the only nice thing in the movie were the small town sceneries that truly capture some (not all) of the beautiful chinese country side. i have been there and seen some of it.this film is so copy-cat, clichã©-ridden, clumsy, and laboured, i find it astounding that anyone could not feel cheated by the experience of sitting through it. <br /><br />here is the range of idiotic clichã©s, ridiculous psychologising, and simply unfeasible storytelling in this "hard hitting" representation of high school: the tough guy jock is really a homosexual. the a-student is unhappy because his father pushes him and somehow this causes him to commit incest. a teacher is mean to a student who wets his pants in class. a girl who is going out with the above-mentioned jock is really in love with him and "just wants a family".<br /><br />maybe the only saving grace is the student counsellor scenes which are vaguely interesting, but most of the devices in this film are so leaden that it beggars belief. <br /><br />this film shows me no insight into teenagers and i will not be surprised when it bombs, especially with teenagers. the people who like this film seem to be parents worried about their teenagers, and boy are they barking up the wrong tree if they think this film will help with "understanding" teen issues. i mean, what is the moral of this film? "hey guys, let's all look out for each other and hug each other" give me a break. anyone who thinks you can get through to a 14 year old with that kind of message needs to think back. in the 1980s we were watching kentucky fried movie, xtro, porky's, evil dead, terminator, etc. this film will fall on deaf ears. <br /><br />2:37 is right up there with another australian "indepedent" film, 'one perfect day,' which was as bad as this utter turkey of a film. thank god no taxpayers money was spent on this boloney.<br /><br />avoid!!!!i do not like himesh reshamiya. i do not like his singing too. but his songs are a craze in india, especially among commoners. now when he ventured to become an actor â? that was a big joke! what guts he has to reap as much as he can in his prime time. i did never want to see this movie. but one thing changed it. the movie becoming a super-duper hit! after 2 weeks, aap ka saroor has raked box office collection of 14 crores â? compared to apne that has collected 7 crores in the same 2 weeks. if i can sit through apne and rajnikant's absurd sivaji â? i should give this movie also a try to understand what stuff this movie has got that made it such a big hit? the story is about the real life singer himesh reshamiya (hr) who has gone to germany for a concert and falls in love with riya (hansika motwani). a german lawyer ruby (mallika sherawat) loves himesh. now himesh is arrested for a murder. the mission of himesh (in last 40 minutes) after he runs away from jail is to prove himself innocent and find the real murderer.<br /><br />let me say that himesh has nothing in him to become a hero. he tries hard but fails miserably. he is pathetic. i was thinking what could have made the movie click so much? let me find something positive.<br /><br />first, the saving grace of the movie is the script till the point himesh runs away from the jail. (but after that the movie nose dives into unbearable stupid limits) second, the songs of the movie are good, catchy, crowd puller numbers. third, mallika sherawat â? she looks gorgeous and acts well too, as the second lady. i can imagine fans of mallika coming to see the movie just for her. fourth, the cinematography of the movie is pleasing â? especially the german locales, are a treat to watch for the eye. fifth, the major portion of the story is a love story between himesh and riya â? with clichã©d dialogues that would probably connect to young crowd. sixth, the director prashant chadha has done a decent job in covering the pathetic acting skills of himesh as much as possible with shots that don't need himesh to act much.<br /><br />the heroine hansika motwani looks like a small budget film heroine. raj babbar is wasted in a small role. overall the movie is a below average.<br /><br />i was thinking throughout the movie â? what if the same movie script was done with salmaan as the main lead. i think it would have had been a much better affair. may be then i would have given the movie 6 out of 10. but nowâ? (stars 4.5 out of 10)this movie has to be the worst film of 2007, it was just really bad and i don't think i have ever seen a film that is just so bad, i mean the don't make really bad hollywood films do they?? hamish really should stick to singing instead of acting cause he just can't act at all, god he was just so bad, i mean he was that bad in the film that he made mallika sherawat look like a better actress than him, as for her performance, she plays the same role in every movie, god it is just so boring watching her, i mean what do men see in this woman?, yeah she has a god body but where is that talent???? i have not seen it yet and at this rate i don't think that i ever will.<br /><br />anyway hamish falls in love with ria now this 15 year old girl can act, my god she was the best actor in the film and she does not look 15 at all, to me she looks about 21, but her performance was brilliant in the film. bless her she was really good, i hope to see more of her in the future. so ria falls in love with himash, but her father wants her to marry someone else, a typical bollywood film anyways there is a hiccup (can only happen in a bollywood film) and the both get married in the end.<br /><br />well i would give th music 10/10 it was superb, that made the movie a hit, the songs were truly amazing and brilliant. anyways the only thing that i can say is to go and buy the music and not watch the film.( hr is what himesh is called in the movie, i think he likes it too. ) it's amazing how intelligent people, talented even fall in to the same trap.<br /><br />i really like reshamiya. it's amazing what he has done. no one in recent years has come back from the wilderness and made a mark for himself.<br /><br />and i truly expected a great film ( what with the budget of 50 cr and the cute actress ). as intense as reshamiya is i thought, he would excel at a sentimental and an emotional role. ironically he is depicted the same but for what care? sheer incompetence, carelessness, awful acting, banal background music, insensitive direction make it a real pain.<br /><br />blunders rule. ( ex. how can german police issue public instructions on a loud speaker in english? they communicate among themselves in english!) unfortunately this incompetence has become the standard in main line bollywood. there are some excellent directors but many a bad ones too. the worse thing is that the majority just doesn't care.<br /><br />songs are the only saving grace...<br /><br />please don't repeat this hr and find yourself a good director ( low budget.. no problem).<br /><br />the villain should really have shaved his head instead of the wig you know... after all it's a 50cr movie.as a nice anecdote to one of the above comments: in was in mumbai about two weeks before the release of this movie, i was approached -being white- to dub some of the lines of this movie in a recording studio.<br /><br />while i speak german as well, i was kindly asked to do all dubbing scenes in english, otherwise it would be too confusing for the indian audience... so therefore, all germans in this movie actually speak english! funny enough i did multiple characters, so if you would want to actually spoil some time by watching the movie again, listen carefully; <br /><br />all non-indian characters are only done by 4 voices! . . . .in bollywood it isn't rare that worthless films become hits, good films flopping and good actors not making it big<br /><br />aks is such a movie<br /><br />himesh after a music director and singer tried acting hell man, just because his songs became a hit that means next he becomes an actor<br /><br />the producers were sure the film will work perhaps, the songs were a hit too and of course himesh did his cheap publicity as usual<br /><br />the film tells such a poor story, such poor direction, such poor acting it makes you cringe<br /><br />indian rickshaws in germany, stunts by himesh and lot of stupidity himesh's cap is intact even when he is in the car which somersaults<br /><br />direction is poor music is saving grace though most songs sound the same<br /><br />himesh tries hard but sadly his emotive scenes are a joke, lacks expressions, he is best suited for his music director and some singing he cuts a sorry picture hansika is awful malika is okay sachin khedekar is okay, darshan jhariwala hamsagreed this movie is well shot,but it just makes no sense and no use as to how they made 2 hours seem like 3 just over a small love story,<br /><br />this could have been an episode of the bold and the beautiful or the o.c,in short please don't watch this movie because there is a song every 5 minutes just to wake you up from you're sleep,i gave this movie 1/10 cause that was the lowest,and no this is not based completely on a true story,more than half of it is made up.i repeat the direction of photography is 7 or 8 out of 10,but the movie is just a little too much,the actor's nasal voice just makes me want to go blow my nose.unless you are a real him mesh fan this movie is a huge no-no.i have been watching movies from i think last 10 years , and i must say that i never felt that bad, which i felt after watching this extra large bore movie, it was bad, very bad. there were songs & songs. nobody should watch this movie. the director has shown germans speaking english which is so rubbish. germans does not speak english. & in one scene there was a white girl who asked himesh for autograph. (obv that he must have gave some money to her) in the promo they have shown prepare for laughing riot. but i could say there was only one scene where that himesh was laughing for no reason may be he thinks he's funny. hansika is very good. she is like an angel. but too young only 16 yrs old. if you have plenty of time and don't know what to do then you should watch this movie or else its waste of moneywhoever filled this stupid idea of acting and producing a movie in himesh's head, which is always hidden under a cap, covering almost half of his face all the time ? only hope this is first and the last as well, for god's sake ! from assalam valekum to gayatri mantra, himesh has tried every thing, to create an aura of his so-called singing talent, which is nothing but atrocious pronunciations of words like tanhaiyya, which completely kill the beauty of the terms, so commonly used for love songs. why does himesh not smile ? simple, because he does not use close up toothpaste ! now there this friend of his, tailing him around every where, and this number one lawyer in the town, who has to herself sexily wiggle and try to seduce himesh, of all the handsome german people she might have met earlier, perhaps the male lawyers on this part of the world might be cursing their fate, for destined to deal with the stiff, unattractive lot, every day ! the action scenes are so funnily shot, like the event planner attacked by the thief, autos riding over the cars, so on and so forth. the father of the bride seems to be in a great hurry to get rid of his daughter by marrying her off, that he flies to and fro around. most hypocrite, he praises hr for distributing love among people of the world, as if they were sweets , and on his back, coolly gives a lecture to his daughter on these show business men. when himesh is proved innocent, he again unceremoniously dumps the other guy, as if it's a game of musical chair ! i didn't get to se the poor guy's face even, did you ? hansika in the role of ria, looks as if she is in need of an eye check up, for strain in her eyes ! the fellow in the role of a friend is good, who has acted quite naturally, and should be in better movies, like sharman joshi, for example. child artist in trishu's brief appearance is sweet, but wasted. it seems today's young generation has gone nuts , since they prefer this kind of mockery of lyrics and musical scores , and associate gossip with it, for example, if you sing ek bar aaja, the ghost would come. this is a weird taste in music, and rather funny. i am surprised, how such classic lyricists like gulzar , have opted for himesh of all the people, to give music. there is story in panchtantra , that a crow attachã©s so many feathers of a peacock, to look beautiful, and appeal to the birds; but the feathers fall off ultimately, and the real dark crow is revealed ! hope himesh takes a hint, and refrains from manufacturing such meaningless stuff, and wasting precious money, which he has earned by taxing his short nose so much ! his friend does tell him, if your nose is cut, how will you sing ? thanks for showing us germany, himesh, at a reasonable cost of renting the dvd ! and correct those spelling mistakes, will you ? an extra e in movie, and no e in love ! there is also a famous number from the old film sholey, mehbooba, on which mallika sherawat wiggles, once again, but this time with himesh, winking at her, and conveniently, ria , his so-called real love, and his new bride is not around ! now that was very clever, himesh ! at least one thing in this movie which you have done smartly, to justify sherawat's presence . but doesn't she look a bit washed down ?if you feel reshammiya as the singer is too much of a pain to watch on tv, try watching him in the movie for 2 hours straight. his face is bland all throughout the movie, and it is very comical to see him act the demanding and intense scenes. this is way far from a real love story (get the spelling right, reshammiya - it is not luv or reeal), and is complete with him doing a mithun da dance, auto rickshaw fight scenes, himesh getting imprisoned, himesh accused of murder, he fleeing from prison etc ... if you want a good laugh, there is nothing like this one, especially the scenes where he howls in mehbooba. if you despise the nasal twangs, and want to know out of curiosity what two hours of reshammiya can do to you, then don't miss this movie.<br /><br />i couldn't stop laughing from the beginning till the very end. the only saving grace that this movie has are the cinematography, locations, and a couple of the songs. even then, until you are a die hard reshammiya fan, avoid this movie at all costs.one of the most awaited movie!i thought himesh will do a bit of acting but alas all my hope went wrong..given that the heroine is 15 yrs old!!!!omg!!what did they thought before considering the actress..may be its because no boby wants to work with hr(as he is called in the film,(human resource as many people wrote in mazagines!)nevertheless it was a disappointment.i hope the producer doesn't make himself bankrupt by making a part 2 of this as this news is roaming around...the story was predictable one with himesh showing his generosity character throughout the movie which i doubt very well.<br /><br />anyways..the movie is good from those people's angle who thinks himesh cant do anything wrong. >>4 out of 10<<i truly hate and despise this film and the filmmakers behind it.<br /><br />sure, i'm all for making a hard hitting and honest film about youth and youth culture.1987's "river's edge" is an excellent example of a well-made teen drama. however, what i take exception to is the infantile, grubby and sensationalist approach that the makers of "2:37" took.<br /><br />a prime example is how it raises so many issues and yet fails in any significant way to comment or reach a resolution on even one of them.<br /><br />my other major problem with this film, apart from its complete plagiarism of gus van sant's "elephant" (surprised van sant didn't sue) is its 'bull loose in a china shop' attitude to quite delicate issues such as incest and particularly suicide.<br /><br />in short, avoid this film like the plague and anything that this filmmaker ever is involved with subsequently. i've heard that his motivation for making "2:37" may or may not be based on lies. having seen the substandard result, this doesn't surprise me in the slightest. this is a glorified student film exercise that has no place whatsoever being in a cinema or on dvd. pure and simple.first things first, how can someone with his creativity on the right side believe in a movie like this. i saw this movie and after end of couple of hours was left scratching my head, what exactly is director trying to say.<br /><br />if its a thriller, there are no thrills, if its action, there is no action barring a chase sequence, there is no drama, and the much touted love story, it actually never takes off. no passion, emotion nothing is there.<br /><br />actually i never expected wonders from the movie, however after the bumper opening it took, i thought of giving it a chance. i have no problems with himesh reshamiya whatsoever, and i am not one of the guys who will bash him at every given opportunity. i went in with an open mind and came out with a closed one.<br /><br />let's not put the blame of himesh reshamiya, he is just a debutant actor. but direction, screenplay, writing, makeup, everything has gone for a toss.<br /><br />himesh is very stiff and would take a lot of time to come up the curve. he can do the don kind of roles. hansika is just a kid, and it shows on screen with her baby fat and the way she walks.<br /><br />the only actor who was good was the friend of himesh in the movie, i don't know his name, but he looks promising.<br /><br />watch it at your own risk, not even good to watch it for a time pass viewing.<br /><br />** strongly recommend to avoid this movie.**i have to hold my hand up and say that i was one of the first (and probably the last!!!) to see this film. where do i start, it's a complete mess. the main attraction of course was the soundtrack. which goes without saying is brilliant - it's what himesh does best. but as they say, don't give up your day job - hr definitely shouldn't.<br /><br />hr's acting is plain and simply awful. even if the film had a plot, the thing that baffles you most is why this man is up on screen and what the hell is doing there. two words of advice to hr - give up acting and secondly, use chapstick.<br /><br />hr has no screen presence, no acting skills and the female lead looks just a little too young for him. as for malika sherawat - just the same old bollywood vamp crap. <br /><br />you can package the product as much as you want, but if there's no substance it won't hold. don't waste your money...ego. seems it's the only reason this movie was made. this movie is so wrong in so many ways that it's below one's dignity to write much about it. every character was only good at self praise and lead actors (i use this term liberally as has the director) emote in the likeness of stone. the little story, if that, fails on the basic aspects such as logic, feeling and drama. direction leaves much to be desired. blatant flaws are all over the place (character motives aren't defined, prospective husbands are found overnight, broken car windows mend themselves among other things)<br /><br />let's face it, himesh can't act. neither, it seems, can hansika motwani. in her defense, she's still a chubby child who looks older than she is thanks to tonnes of make-up. raj babbar overacts and makes his little presence as fake as possible. darshan jariwala laughs a bit too much. the actor who plays himesh's friend is the only natural. <br /><br />a few questions do come to mind: how can such a film cost rs.500,000,000?? where did the money go??? granted that one chase sequence was moderately well shot and mallika sherawat was paid an obscene rs.15,000,000 for her 15 minute appearance and 2 songs. but the sheer stupidity of the film boggles the mind. (including 3 mumbai auto rickshaws that show up and jump on a police car)<br /><br />the good: himesh shows courage by allowing the film to make fun of his nasal voice and trademark "topi." let's give the devil his due: himesh, as usual gives good music.<br /><br />the bad: direction, story, himesh's singing is still hard to ignore<br /><br />the ugly: dialogs and everything else!!!<br /><br />final word: painful in every sense of the word! watch this movie only if you loved subhash ghai's "yaadein"frank tashlin's 'censored' is a so-so private snafu short which aims to teach the importance of the censor in stopping military secrets from leaking out. snafu attempts to get word out to his girlfriend that he's to be stationed in the south pacific but the censor foils each attempt he makes to send the letter. these early scenes are the best, with the unseen censor plucking the letter out of the sky with long mechanical arms, nets and even a specially employed eagle! the second half of the cartoon, in which snafu manages to send the letter with the aid of technical fairy, first class (who is actually teaching him a lesson), is less funny and climaxes with a disappointing only-a-dream finale. the main point of interest in this part of the cartoon is the appearance of snafu's extremely scantily clad girlfriend who is even seen bare-breasted, albeit with strategically placed limbs at all times! aimed at the military, the snafu shorts were often characterised by a heightened bawdiness but these scenes, crowbarred in as they may be, are by far the most erotic i've come across in any of these shorts thus far. despite all this, i prefer the snafu shorts that go for the jugular a little more, usually resulting in the death of the main character. for great examples of this, seek out tashlin's 'the goldbrick' or chuck jones's 'spies'. 'censored' is fairly weak by comparison.well, some people might go to see this to watch a trashy rubber and pvc clad bisexual vampire assassin kicking some ass. if that's what you want, and you wear a cloak, file your teeth to points and think that the name lilith silver is cool, you'll see a fine film.<br /><br />if, like most people, an assassin dressed in gleaming, creaking rubber with huge cleavage, thick makeup and bad fangs makes you laugh, then this is one of the best comedies you'll see. i laughed so hard i nearly cried. ridiculous acting, dialogue and plotting help to make this a better spoof than dracula, dead and loving it could be...<br /><br />it tries to be cool and goth, and all it succeeds in doing is making each scene hilarious. even the tacked-on lesbian scene is funny (how *did* she get those boots off that quickly? they were laced up to *here*...)<br /><br />don't see it if you like good films. see it if you like terrible films and want to laugh until you fall over.... it isn't good, it's just bad.i laughed at the movie! the script, the acting please don't we deserve better? but now the filming, some of the camera angles were interesting. i did enjoy the film, but it's not to be taken seriously though. i liked it. if it had a new cast and scriptwritter it would be better than all right. it's worth a look!<br /><br />12 grand is the cost of a new car. a new car that jake west now needs to escape the hordes of angry villagers desperate for his blood. some may say this film could attract "so bad it's good" status. in my opinion it is the proud owner of the "so bad it's bad" label.i had no expectations when seeing the movie because i was seeing it with a bunch of friends and had no idea what it was. some parts were silly and some parts were lame, but overall the movie was worth watching. i like goth looking women; this movie has plenty of it. the fangs do look really lame though.i will not even make any more comments about this movie. instead i will make a recommendation for all you euro-horror fans: if you want to see an enjoyable low-budget vampire flick, check out nattens engel (1998). it has everything razor blade smile lacks: acting, nice locations, terrific score, and less hissing vampires...just as the whole cast and crew knows f*** all about film making.<br /><br />this film concerns the adventures and predicaments of a modern day cockney vampire assassin, and an age old spat with her seemingly jaded vampire lover. that plot in itself reeks of clichã©s and promises of boredom when on as small a scale a film as this, and that's exactly what you get.<br /><br />first off let me say that i by no means dismiss films because they are b movies, in fact some of my favourite films are b movies such as jesus christ: vampire hunter, but this one misses the mark by a mile.<br /><br />anyone with any knowledge of small budget films will know that the acting is rarely gripping and emotional, but razor blade smile creates a whole new dimension of hamming it up on screen. some of the so called acting is just indescribably bad, with characters spewing cheesy one liners that fall flat, and discourse expressing about as much emotion and conviction as the terminator after a couple of horse tranquillisers.<br /><br />a vast portion of the film is also taken up by the vampiric characters, the protagonist in particular, unnecessarily flapping their mouths, showing off their ridiculously large vampire teeth and exhaling very loudly. it literally must happen in almost every scene at least once, and quickly became annoying and pointless, as if that many looks of slack jawed supposedly scary vampire faces were used to merely fill a little bit of time and pad out the rest of this turd sandwich of a film.<br /><br />contrary to what some of the other reviewers believe on here, i feel this film (the director in particular) is really trying to take this film seriously in many parts. the sheer number of overly dramatic action shots and extreme close-ups seems to indicate to me that the director really wanted people to feel this film and make it legitimate to its genre and not spoof it, and he fails miserably. the attempts at supposedly tasteful sex scenes come out as comic and silly and the action sequences are sometimes just plain stupid.<br /><br />also the ending of this film was one of the weakest and most pathetic conclusions i have seen to a film, b movie or not. when films such as this force you to sit through hours of themselves only to be rewarded with a "oh it was all a game" ending it is actually sickening. it the conclusion to the "plot" feels like an afterthought of the director that he figured out on the last day of shooting because they had run to the end of their shoestring budget.<br /><br />but i have not rated this film as one star despite the overwhelming crappiness, and this is because of the only plus point i can really give this film. intentionally or not, it was funny. i am fairly sure the parts i found humorous were not intended to be, and i found most of the efforts at genuine gags to be fruitless, but when watched with friends it is a good film to take the mickey out of.the time i wasted seeing this movie, i demand back! i felt sick afterward, but not because it touched me in any way. it's pretentious, trying to get the audience to feel bad for the people involved, but i couldn't care less. the characters are soulless and stupid. you don't get an explanation for some of the scenes and it doesn't leave any thoughts afterward to come up with your own explanation. all of the students in the movie has issues, but since you don't feel for them you don't believe their problems.<br /><br />if i could write better in english i'd never stop. but i can't, so, i'll stop now.<br /><br />don't watch this.as main "character" lillith silver likes to point out - "you know f**k all about vampires". it is evident that this statement was aimed at the cast and crew, who create an exceedingly bad image of everyone's favourite bloodsucking undead. according to the misguided director, vampires are all caked in white foundation and crammed into latex similar to a piece of meat in shrink wrap. with fangs resembling bannana's and a bad case of asthma our main character lillith creates a slapstick caricature of the "modern day" vampire.<br /><br />the plot consists of a 9 year old boys' playstation collection jotted down on a piece of paper, then blended together to concoct this horrible tale. lillith our pale protagonist is a vampire bounty hunter who makes a living from snubbing out members of everyone's favourite cult, the illuminati! rather than incorporate the classic assassin methodology of stealth and precision however, lillith waltzes in through an open window and then proceeds to chomp her targets necks before shooting them point blank with a handgun (that apparently doesn't leave bullet holes thanks to the shoddy continuity). pc plod is then assigned to solve the murders, he comes to the grizzly, yet strikingly obvious conclusion that lillith is actually a vampire and proceeds to hunt her down armed with the usual vampire dispatching tools including a cross, garlic and a sharpened piece of wood. meanwhile, lillith, who has gotten into the habit of bonking her boss, is distraught when an old nemesis kidknaps him and demands a ransom to be delivered personally. as you may imagine, this doesn't go according to plan. i'm not going to put myself through the pain of the following scenes however, so i'll skip to the end. lillith and her "nemesis" have a showdown, and after lillith obtains victory it is then revealed, with all the extravagance of someone being told they have cancer, that the two are century old lovers and the whole plot was some kind of twisted game. yes, that kick in the balls was the actual ending of the film. in my eyes, this joke of a conclusion is the icing on the latex clad cake, and seals this film in the "never ever watch this" vault.<br /><br />as far as cinematic techniques go, the film merely doesn't bother creating any style. the director tries to rescue his disasterpiece from the brink, by throwing in some close ups and a few multi-angular shots, this however is not the saving grace the film needed.<br /><br />you may be screaming "but this is a b movie, its meant to be crap!". i however do not take pity. i have seen some cracking b movies, such as evil dead 2, and jesus christ vampire hunter, and therefore this disgrace cannot hide behind excuses. the budget was low, this is obvious by the lack of location and good actors. maybe however if the director was more creative and spent less money on paying for makeup and fake blood, he could have done something decent with this sickening attempt. the seedy sex scenes are not beneficial in any way and merely served to give me a few chuckles at the obscene acting skills throughout. half the budget must have been paid to the female cast merely for getting their tops off for lesbian romps. if i wanted to watch a vampire porno, i would have bought muffy the vampire layer.<br /><br />the cast are bad, the story is worse and the effects are cripplingly fake. this film had some potential, however its seedy undertone and embarrassing portrayal of a classic horror character merely served to be its downfall.<br /><br />if you want a laugh with a few friends, i recommend you watch this mockery. if you are looking for a more serious vampire action flick, try blade or underworld to sooth your raging bloodlust.sure it is a new take on vampires. who cares. i would rather the old take if it is entertaining. this was not entertaining. it was a dull story, poorly acted, with annoying cinematography. save your money, don't even watch it on video.the movie razor blade smile has an interesting title as well as leading role. now most may not like this movie for the plot and acting was a little cheap, but that is the appeal of a movie like razor blade smile. in a way it was suppose to be bad movie. <br /><br />however, if you watch this movie all the way through the end you'll see it is as i said a cheap vampire flick with a little humor. (also how they manipulated colours in a few scenes is very interesting.) <br /><br />so in conclusion this movie is a type you rent and laugh at with your friends and enjoy it for what it is. for no movie is throughly bad. <br /><br />as lilith silver says: "humans just don't smile enough..."i was all ready to hate this but it turned out to be surprisingly tolerable - though the mtv-style of film-making (shot on dv, to boot) is quite an eye-sore! i liked the script's self-mocking style, as well as its central idea of having the female vampire lead doubling as a contract killer. as to the cast, eileen daly (best known as the 'star' of those horrid "redemption" intros) has an undeniable screen presence - and is quite sensual, despite her age; however, christopher adamson's hammy chief villain is obnoxious. david warbeck has a brief role as a doctor (dubbed "the horror-movie man"!) who conducts the autopsy on one of the vampire's victims; the film seems to have taken quite a long time to shoot as warbeck died in 1997! there's plenty of nudity and violence on hand, but not much sense alas (especially since its subplot involving a secret society of vampires infiltrating the power structures is barely developed); the film is also overlong for its purpose, and eventually slips into tedium during the last half-hour.following a 19th century gun dual that goes awry, a charming young woman becomes a vampire. not only does she become one of the undead, she uses her goth, temptress persona to sustain her talents as a cold blooded assassin. this is a low grade b feature that should have went straight to video. the violence is vicious and gory, but actually quite mild. the story line is so weak and dialogue so haphazard it is hard to work up much interest. eileen daly is the lead character lilith silver. also in the cast are mark caven, kevin howarth, and isabel brook.i was permanently scarred by this terrible film.<br /><br />the main action of the movie is nothing special. it seems there's a tribe of snake-worshipping people in a remote mountain region of northern china, where women rather than men are the leaders and decision makers. i suppose among some men, this is enough to make "succubare" a horror movie... anyway, occasionally chinese men would wander into the village, take a fancy to the local girls, seduce them and then abandon them. unfortunately for the men, the women had put them under a spell, derived from snake venom, which would make them die horribly in 100 days -- their bellies swollen like a pregnant woman's with live worms and snakes -- if they did not return.<br /><br />forget the cover of the us video. this has nothing to do with vampires, though there is one inept blood-drinking scene. the title itself is only marginally appropriate: "succubare" is the latin verb meaning "to lie beneath", and it's the root of the word succubus, a female demon who would seduce men in their sleep. actually, it's the men who are the seducers here.<br /><br />but it's not the main action of this ludicrous film that's so objectionable. it's the little side-incidents. i'll overlook the slaughter and butchery of an ox that's performed on-screen. the participants seem very experienced, as though this is an unpleasant duty they actually do in real life; and i'm sure they really ate the animal afterwards... though i resent having the act thrust in my face as "entertainment".<br /><br />what i wish i could overlook (or had overlooked) are the numerous, totally extraneous shots of an unidentified man, who from time to time interrupts the story by eating living animals. he starts the movie by tearing apart a live snake with his teeth. in the course of the movie, he devours a bug, a lizard, a toad (i had to leave the room after this), and a whole mouse (i stopped watching at this point, and lost my appetite for days). let me stress that this was totally unexpected, and had nothing to do with the movie... unless it's a cynical reference to love as it's portrayed in the film: a blind, selfish, predatory survival mechanism that tears apart the helpless... but then again, i'm probably just rationalizing to get the vileness out of my head...the animal-eating (geek) scenes were not as bad as you would think. after having watched mondo cane and mondo magic, these scenes are average. the grossest one was when the guy ate the head off the mouse. but they were so fast and few that they didn't bother me.<br /><br />otherwise, the film was just sort of interesting. i always like hearing the silly voice-overs. they never sound like what you think the actor/actress would sound like in real life. i liked the bright colors worn by the princesses. the shots of weird looking bugs were cool too. the youngest princess looked really young, almost 14 or something. the fight scenes were not as long and boring as most fight scenes, so that was good.<br /><br />3/10.if, like me, you actively seek out the rarest and weirdest (and often most awful) that world cinema has to offer, then you should look no further than the supernatural horror output of hong kong in the early 80s. often mixing bizarre black magic with kung fu and silly comedy, and usually packed with plenty of creepy crawlies (snakes, worms, eels, centipedes etc.), these movies are about as bizarre as it gets.<br /><br />succubare is definitely a case in point: featuring a mountain tribe whose women keep their men from straying by casting nasty spells over them (that, should they leave, cause them to fill up with writhing creatures and die an agonising death), some so-so martial arts, and lots of real life animal killing (much of which is perpetrated by a geek who has absolutely no bearing on the story), this film is just plain strange.<br /><br />a prolonged scene in which the tribeswomen hunt for snakes and insects, casually throwing the creatures into the baskets on their backs, is quite fascinating; a tribal feast that sees a poor ox bashed on the head and then torn apart is totally disgusting; and the moments that show worms crawling in open wounds and being vomited onto the floor will have the squeamish losing their appetite for a while.<br /><br />however, it's the live animal munching that really qualifies succubare for legendary status amongst fans of out-there movie-making. it's thoroughly vile to watch and yet strangely compelling: the geek chomps on a snake, woofs down a fat, juicy toad (nasty!), and hungrily devours a mouse (biting off its head and then shoving the rest in afterwards).<br /><br />not a great movie (hell, it's not really even a mediocre movie), succubare is recommended only to people who think they've seen it all. this one gets 4 out of 10 from me, which is probably more than it deserves, but i begrudgingly respect it for being able to make me feel slightly ill.i have never ever seen such a bad movie before. the scene where they shoot some guy.. the pistol don`t even shoot. damn that is baad. the scene with the boy is even not that good. no script, not any good sound, not anything good to say about this movie..given the budget and the inexperience of everyone involved, livin' tha life could have been worse. jamal wants to be chris tucker (whom i've always found very annoying), as a previous commentator has noted, but peanut (edward d. smith), while some of his (over)reactions go on way too long (a director's problem), has some comparatively subtle and funny moments, such as when he is trying to instruct jamal on the proper method of smoking a joint with a buddy. throughout, he is usually more poised and self-possessed than jamal, which could have been the germ of a nice exploration of the contrasts in the relationship but wasn't developed very far.<br /><br />but the inexperience of the writer/director/cinematographer/etc. is no excuse for his inattention. has he ever seen a movie? faces are important! has he ever heard of a closeup? even ed wood could do a closeup. i don't think it's much of a budget issue. i could only give a general description of what any of the actors look like, and not just because of no closeups, but the lighting ...! lights for outdoor shooting may cost too much, but you can make a reflector with pieces of paper! that would have required moving the camera closer to keep the reflector out of the shot, helping to solve the closeup problem at the same time. if that's too technical you can turn the actors around so they are not in shadow, or you can expose for the shadows, and if it hadn't been shot in l.a. i'd say take advantage of cloudy days. it goes without saying that the movies this one steals from are all, with the possible exception of weekend at bernie's, better than this one, but livin' tha life would have left a much better impression if it hadn't made the viewer squint all the way through just to catch a glimpse of whatever the human element might have been.<br /><br />p.s. the scene in the barbershop is just stupid.this movie made me think....of how i could write something about it without personally dissing the director and all the actors, who, as an australian, i am proud of for actually getting out there and making a film.<br /><br />but the movie itself? let me tell you a story....<br /><br />found this dvd in my local rental shop yesterday and had vague recollections of the reviews at the time of cinema release here, so i thought i would give it a go.<br /><br />for some reason, i decided to watch the 'special features' before i watched the actual movie, not something that i usually do. turned the 'making of' off halfway through, as i'd had enough cringing at the 'aren't we so wonderful for putting together such a hard hitting film with such a raw script' attitude.<br /><br />the movie? ugh. full of clichã©s and pathetic character development. the actors? well done guys, you are aussies and i applaud you. and, just like a footy team is only as good as the coach that directs them, you unfortunately did not have a great script to work with.<br /><br />i felt that the movie actually trivialised so many of the subjects that it seemed to want to cover. i have seen many reviews here that refer to it as nothing more than a soap. agreed.<br /><br />finally (and forgive me if i don't phrase this correctly), i was extremely disappointed that there were no optimistic overtones at all. yes, we all know that life is full of hard stuff, and yes we know that things such as incest do occur, but i really find it hard to applaud a movie that has not one piece of joy in it. i believe that a director has a responsibility to put it in there somewhere. otherwise, the movie is all about them and their feelings, they have created it for themselves, not for an audience.<br /><br />which i think is the basis of why this movie isn't so great. the special features mention that the director wrote the screenplay in a 36 hour sitting, the day after he himself tried to end his own life. well, it may have been cathartic for him to do this, however the movie reeks of self-indulgence when you know the story behind why it was written. "i feel horrid, i'm going to write a movie about feeling horrid". (note: i have read the interview with andrew urban, and understand why thalluri needed to write something to help him through his own issues, but i believe there is a line in film that cannot be crossed - the line of making a movie purely for your own emotional needs, and i feel that this is what has unintentionally happened here)<br /><br />by his own admission, the director had no technical experience at all, and sadly, this makes the movie come off looking like nothing more than a year twelve media project.<br /><br />as for any recommendations that this movie should be studied at school, or that all teenagers should watch it - not sure there either. because there is a very dangerous line at the end. i too have been in a place where i have thought that someone who no longer has to 'face life' is 'lucky', but as an adult, i do worry that this line could be influential on a young viewer that was in a vulnerable frame of mind. might be in there to promote discussion, but again, it reflects no possibility of redemption or joy in this story as a whole. in fact, it almost indicates that there is more sadness to come.<br /><br />i haven't seen elephant, but i just might go find it, given all the comparisons here.<br /><br />nothing personal here guys, i do hope you can make another movie someday, and we all have to start out somewhere, so forgive me if i've been too harsh. i am glad that you are proud of what you created, which in the end is what life is all about. it's not a movie i would recommend though.<br /><br />oh, i did like the way the time-frames often collided, thought that was an interesting way to film. <br /><br />but the whole "its the quiet ones you have to watch" - we already know that.my friends and i watched this movie last night. it was pretty incredible. by all means, this was probably the worst movie i have ever seen. at first, it was tolerable. it stunk of bad improv but it was pretty friggin hilarious, despite the scenes being too long & drawn out and the terrible quality (i read $400 budget above... sounds about right) of the film itself.<br /><br />the biggest problem came from the lack of a script; with a background in improv, i know how hard it can be to keep scenes short & efficient. what happened in this film was that the actors were left to improvise the scenes and they didn't know when to stop, they just kept going for ages on stupid topics. at first i thought this was because the movie was short and they needed long, useless scenes to flesh it out. as the movie progressed, i realized it was just a really bad movie.<br /><br />there were a lot of parts where i could see that the film maker had a really good idea for a shot but not the resources (or talent!?) to pull it off effectively. a lot of the scenes were taken from a single shot (cause, you know, improv) for what felt like a really long time. so boring! if you can stand to put up with and hour and a half of terrible improv, watch it. it's really funny at parts but also really stupid and annoying. the acting ranges from alright to absolutely terrible. it seemed like the only good parts were the parts that really had nothing to do with the main plot; the ballsy kid who swore lots, the barbershop, etc etc.<br /><br />but yeah. painfully bad. like, i was literally hurting. after an hour or so, my friends and i just got bored and left.never before have i seen such a tale of such talentless hangers on been so ungrateful that their golden goose has failed to lay. these spunk monkeys are parasites and bad examples of friends. i felt sorry for troy as he tried to hook up all of his friends with hollywood gigs, but as soon as things turned sour, they all left troy hanging. overnight was a contrived effort of self indulgent retribution on a man who was going up against the forces of hollywood to retain story integrity. the simple premise of overnight is to try an communicate the message, "look at this guy, he blew it all", when in fact he has a strong underground following, dealt with harsh blows from friends and executives all in the name of getting a project done in the way he envisioned it. quite frankly the only productive par that any of these guys played in the overall execution of the boondock saints shoot culminated as nothing more than extra bodies in the first bar room scene, after that all they did was whine why they weren't a bigger deal based on the clambering of their rancid efforts on top of troys shoulders. (the 2nd half of this was written by adam j farina)i was so looking forward to watching the documentary self-immolation of the mastermind behind boondock saints, one of the most aggravating and pointless movies i've ever seen. but the makers of "overnight" - buddies (ex?) of the mastermind in question - also need to learn how to make a movie. various unsavoury remarks, yelling obscenities into the phone, and enjoying his alcohol do indeed make mr. duffy look like a putz. but it doesn't shed any insight into why the guy got a contract in the first place, what his creative process or vision is - what's boondock saints even about? how hard is it to meet patrick swayze? what are these strange institutional machinations in which our disgusting heroes are caught? because the film doesn't try to answer these questions in any coherent way, it doesn't end up having dippity-doo to say about hollywood either. so who cares?odious chuck norris decided to put one final nail in the coffin<br /><br />containing his film career before going to the safe world of cbs<br /><br />saturday night carnage with this hysterically bad supernatural<br /><br />actioner.<br /><br />for such a dumb movie this thing sure is plotty. norris is chicago<br /><br />cop frank shatter. first off, what kind of last name is "shatter"?<br /><br />have you ever met any shatters? genforum.com has no listing for<br /><br />the last name shatter, which opens up any half clever viewer to<br /><br />replace the "a" in shatter with an "i." he and his partner, calvin<br /><br />jackson, do the same old buddy cop routine you have seen<br /><br />before: make funny with the pimps, and make their captain mad.<br /><br />jackson, looking like the theoretical love child of whoopi goldberg<br /><br />and rick james, quickly wears on the nerves with his constant<br /><br />complaining and eddie murphy-patented facial expressions.<br /><br />shatter and calvin become involved with an emissary of satan,<br /><br />whom we are introduced to in the too long opening scenes.<br /><br />prosatano is a demon who is locked in a crypt by king richard the<br /><br />lionhearted. the demon's scepter, from which he gets his power,<br /><br />is busted into nine pieces and hid in nine different parts of the<br /><br />world by holy men. in 1951, some grave robbers accidentally let<br /><br />prosatano out and he begins collecting the nine pieces. he<br /><br />disguises himself as an antiquities professor named lockley and<br /><br />always happens to be giving a lecture where a holy man is killed<br /><br />and a piece of the scepter is taken.<br /><br />norris brings in his "walker: texas blunder" cohort sheree wilson,<br /><br />who plays lockley's assistant. she helps norris with his<br /><br />investigation, they make goo goo eyes at each other, and our<br /><br />intrepid investigators travel to israel after a rabbi is killed in<br /><br />chicago. while in israel, calvin is given even more to complain<br /><br />about: the heat, the lack of restaurant accomodations, the lousy<br /><br />drivers, and the fact that he is missing the chicago bulls playoff<br /><br />games. norris even manages to work a cute israeli kid into this<br /><br />nightmare. bezi steals calvin's wallet, and hangs around the men,<br /><br />leading them around israel and not arousing any sort of<br /><br />appropriate suspicion.<br /><br />eventually, lockley (prosatano) assembles all of the scepter<br /><br />pieces, but needs the blood of royalty to complete the ceremony<br /><br />and call up the devil. where to find royal blood? well, sheree's<br /><br />father is a duke! she has an american accent but she is the<br /><br />screenwriters' convenient method of forcing this monstrosity<br /><br />toward its inevitable conclusion. sure, this minion of satan may<br /><br />have killed countless hundreds over the years, but how is he<br /><br />gonna do against a good old fashioned american butt kickin'?<br /><br />after prosatano has been vanquished, killed by his own scepter (i<br /><br />envied him, he did not have to watch bezi steal calvin's wallet<br /><br />again), we are treated to an awful coda involving a bearded man<br /><br />who has been watching shutter, i mean shatter, and calvin on<br /><br />their quest. you see, it was foretold...somewhere...that two<br /><br />warriors from the west would defeat prosatano. the silent<br /><br />bearded man who watched over the couple was none other than<br /><br />jesus...i kid you not. he is listed as "prophet" in the end credits,<br /><br />but you and even your pets will recognize the subtle christian<br /><br />reference the film makers are trying to exhibit here.<br /><br />like in "i use a walker: texas ranger," norris is aging and cannot<br /><br />get into his fight scenes too much anymore. he kicks a lot, and<br /><br />people fly over furniture in slow motion, and then norris gives all of<br /><br />his line readings in that monotone voice of his. oh, what a real<br /><br />director might be able to fashion out of him! his brother, aaron,<br /><br />who has directed him in other films as well, has no sense of story<br /><br />or momentum. scenes are thrown in for ego's sake, not to<br /><br />entertain. the scenes when the dynamic duo first meet bezi drag<br /><br />on and on, and then bezi is not all that important to the rest of the<br /><br />film.<br /><br />the film was shot on location in israel, which means the<br /><br />americans could insult the israelis in person. there is not one<br /><br />likeable israeli character here. the israeli police captain is a jerk.<br /><br />the cops' driver does not know english, and calvin convinces him<br /><br />that the word "sh*tty" is a compliment. nothing funnier than<br /><br />mocking those stupid foreigners on their home turf, especially<br /><br />when all this racist humor is coming from an american minority<br /><br />who would have been more than offended if the tables were turned<br /><br />and the israeli cop was mocking the african-american cop in<br /><br />chicago.<br /><br />this film is badly written, badly acted, and badly directed. it does<br /><br />not work as action, cop drama, or even horror. it just shows that<br /><br />the now defunct cannon studios was willing to throw their money<br /><br />into anything, no matter how badly it was planned. "hellbound" is<br /><br />surely a most adequate title. i disliked this movie intensely.<br /><br />this is rated (r) for physical violence, gun violence, strong<br /><br />profanity, some sexual references, and some adult situations.<br /><br />this film is bad. not so bad it is good. just bad. it is however hilariously bad. i watched it out of some morbid curiosity and never intend to watch it nor any other chuck norris film ever again. if you have to choose between this film and death, you should happily choose this film, however, as it is is a masterclass in terrible film making (hence the hilarity).<br /><br />it is a constant depression to me, as i grind away at my desk job, that some people get to be involved in movie-making and decided to produce things such as this.<br /><br />1 out of 10. still better than "starship troopers" however.this is the worst film i have ever seen, so bad it is astonishing. i am glad that i have never seen that black sidekick in any other film: ok, it wasn't his fault that someone gave him those lines, but he could have refused the role, and tried to learn how to act instead. how did anyone get the money to put this film together. is there some corporation in hollywood that deals with trash for male college students with no brain? "oh yeah, they will love this one: it's got no believable plot, some kungfu movements, chuck norris, a black sidekick with bad corny lines, a sweet little israeli (or is he an arab, or does anyone care?) boy pickpocket, and the devil." brilliant, and many thanks to all concerned for enriching the human race.i concur with the other users comment. hard to believe that this movie actually came out in 1994 because it screams mid 80's. i think it is dubbed because the sound and the picture don't always match up. if anyone can truly say this is a good movie, they need to be locked up. it is so sad how money has so much power over people that they will do anything to get it. i feel i lost intelligence from watching this. i used to have a little respect for chuck norris before i watched this but now i just feel bad. i bought this as part of a 3 movie pack for $9.99 and i can honestly say i would have been better off literally throwing the money away. forgive me jesus.this piece of crap is actually the bomb, as in bottom of the barrel. i can't figure out which is worst; norris' dull portrayal of anonymity (not a great trait in an action protagonist) or christopher neame's hysterical overacting. this film doesn't deliver on any level what so ever. the action sequences are tame, the plot is paper thin, and the scenes that are supposed to be horrific look like a clichã© from the fifties. you can't just fill a room with smoke and men in rubber suits, and expect the audience to scream in terror.<br /><br />visually the film does nothing for me. it actually looks like an unfortunate mix between a cheap porn flick and a miami vice rip-off with a little sprinkling of hell-spawn. no, wait. that should have been hell-yawn.norris plays a chicago cop who stumbles upon a devil's apprentice? who wants to, well, create armegeddon. he eventually kills the creature by, get this, throwing a solid gold 24 inch spike, not very sharp, about twenty feet, hard enough to penetrate the chest. unlikely? so is the rest of the movie. much of it consists of cn and his sidekick driving cars and talking nonsense. the israeli (or arab) kid is there ostensibly to humanize cn. ok. doesn't work, makes no sense, and advances the plot, so-called, not one bit. also, no cops ever every get invited out of the country to be interviewed by other cops. it is ridiculous as a premise. the whole thing is bad. unfortunately, it's not so bad as to be entertainingly bad or campy. just plain bad. but--one can see how norris was trying to find his way to the successful walker: texas ranger series.for the most part, i considered this movie unworthy of a comment, but the last 10 minutes prompted me to write one. you see, right then we learn (spoilers...if they can be called that) that the devil's emissary has no chance of properly preparing the domination of the world by his master, because he is not skilled at martial arts! "prosatanos" has been lying in a hole for centuries, waiting for "human greed" to release him, only to be defeated in a simple one-on-one match against 54-year-old former karate champion chuck norris! imagine what would have happened to him if he had taken on jackie chan... (*1/2)i'm sure some people will enjoy it, and find it powerful, or have some sort of personal connection with the characters and story, but from an unbiased stand point, it's not very well done. the film revolves around atypical angst-ridden teenagers, each one playing out a different stereotype making us believe this is what it's like to be a teenager. we get to see a bit of each teenager's lifestyle, but the entire project just came off as pretentious to me, whether it be the constant low angle shots of tree branches in the wind, or the black and white "interviews" with the students, there was nothing new or original showcased in this movie, and nothing i needed to see. yes, it deals with some strong subject material, and the dramatic scenes are played and acted well, but the entire project seems unnecessary, especially when it seems almost an exact replica to van sant's "elephant" (one dealing with suicide, the other with a school shooting). as i said, some people will probably enjoy this, and the director/writer clearly had some sort of inspiration to make this movie based on the death of a close one, so it's nice the movie was made with some heart in it, but i feel it's incredibly ineffective, and when dealing with material that can be so easily clichã©d to do something original with it. i would not recommend this movie.dr stephens (micheal harvey) runs a mental asylum. he has a different approach to the insane. he conducts unorthodox methods of treatment. he treats everyone like family, there are no locks on the patients doors and he lets some of the inmates act out their twisted fantasies. he lets sergeant jaffee (hugh feagin) dress and act as a soldier and harriet (camilla carr) be a mother to a doll, including letting her put it to bed in a cot. dr. stevens is outside letting judge oliver w. cameron (gene ross) chop a log up with an axe, it turns out to be a bad move as once dr. stevens back is turned the judge plants the axe in his shoulder. soon after nurse charlotte beale (rosie holotik) arrives at the sanitarium having arranged an interview with dr. stevens about a possible job. she is met by the head nurse, geraldine masters (annabelle weenick as anne mcadams) and is offered a trail position. she gets to know and becomes well liked among the patients. however things eventually start to turn sour, the phone lines are cut, an old lady named mrs. callingham (rhea macadams) has her tongue cut out and she starts to get a strange feeling that things just aren't right somehow. then, one night all the sanitariums dark secrets are violently revealed. produced and directed by s.f. brownrigg this film has a great central idea which builds into a cool twist ending, but ultimately is a bit of a chore to sit through because of it's low budget restrictions and a rather slow script by tim pope. there are just too many long boring stretches of dialogue by the inmates, not a lot really happens until the final twenty odd minutes. the film has no real visual quality as it's set entirely in the sanitarium and it's grounds which is basically just a big bland house in the middle of nowhere. there's no graphic gore in it, a few splashes of blood here and there and thats yer lot. there's a bit of nudity, but like the gore not much. the acting is pretty strong, especially holotik and weenick. the photography is flat and unexciting and i can't even remember what the music was like. the twist ending is great, but it just takes far too long to get to it. a film that had a lot of potential that was probably held back by it's budget. ok i guess, but i think it would have worked a lot better if the story had been turned into a half an hour 'tales form the crypt' episode.this is a god awful norris film, with one of the most annoying performances ever in calvin levels and a weak script. the characters were terrible, and it has hardly any action,plus even chuck norris stinks in this!. christopher neame is very weak as the main villain, and the story was not very interesting plus norris seemed bored with the whole thing and i don't blame him as i was too!. calvin levels gives one of the most annoying performances in a movie ever, i couldn't stand as i was tempted to rip the tape out of my vcr, plus norris and levels had no chemistry together!. if your looking for some great martial art moves from norris don't go near this, however if you want a movie with an uninteresting story, hardly any action and bad acting look further!. this is a god awful norris film, with one of the most annoying performances ever from calvin levels, avoid it like the plague!. the direction is incredibly bad. aaron norris does an incredibly bad job here, with no suspense or thrills bland camera work, and keeping the film at a dull pace!. there is a little bit of blood and violence. we get 2 gory impaling's,ripped out heart, exploding body and a few gunshot wounds. the acting is really bad. chuck norris is not amazing as he usually is here and seemed very bored here, his one liners are flat, and his acting wasn't that great and i am a huge norris fan, this is his absolute worst! (norris still rules!).calvin levels is incredibly annoying here, his whiny wimpy performance severely grated me, i was so hoping for him to get it good!, but sadly he didn't. christopher neame is pretty weak as the main villain, his voice was cool, but he over acted big time!. sheree j. wilson is beautiful and did okay with what she had to do. rest of the cast are terrible. overall please avoid this it's not worth the torture, even if you are a huge norris fan (like me). bomb out of 5this movie stunk. there is not much more to it. the final fight looked like walker taking on my grandmother, not some supernatural demon with the strength of ten men. i found the commercials more interesting. the plot twists and jokes could be seen coming a mile away. the only redeeming quality of this film was that it ended. avoid this at all costs...unless you enjoy bad chuck norris movies.all i ever heard while being raised was equality of the sexes, and here we have a film that not only exemplifies imbalance, but continues through with a whole concept that one sex is better. all the while watching i was hoping for that redeeming quality to make the viewer feel as though there is hope for the future, and there wasn't. i'll admit to not finishing the film, i had to turn it off at the part where the old man whore told the genetic man adam that it was ok to be a whore and get, and i quote, "more tail than any man in the past time." i know not finishing it is a bad review on myself, but it is the responsibility of the writer and crew to develope a story that will keep a viewer interested, and they failed. this film betrays all true female nature qualities of the mother figure and the need for balance. instead it exemplifies what america ran by lesbian natzis would be like,and i'm not against lesbians. thank you mr. director! someone please give me a redeeming quality... wait i have it! there's no sequel!pure schlock from beginning to end. the average 12 year old might find that it has an interesting take on discrimination. otherwise, it's a pure camp-fest endurance test. like one of those so-so episodes of star trek the next generation that thinks it has something important to say.<br /><br />you'll see every plot twist a mile off in this by-the-numbers romp. however, it's worth seeing for its portrayal of drag-king prostitutes, a brothel where young women pay old men to have sex with them (how's that for role reversal), and lesbian soap operas. the ghost of valerie solanis lives!i don't think this can legally qualify as "film." the plot was so flimsy, the dialogue so shallow, and the lines so terrible that i couldn't believe that someone actually wrote the lines down, said, "holy sh*t! this is a masterpiece" and then actually pitched it to a producer. i, for one, am still dumbfounded and will forever remember this film as the mark of the degeneracy of intelligence in america -- that, and "crossroads," of course.the plot - in the future when nearly all men have been killed by a y-chromosome-targeting virus, a (hot) female genetic engineer 'creates' a man in a chem lab - is intriguing. despite the somewhat promising premise, the movie falls flat in nearly every regard. the dialogue is laughable. the characters are paper thin. the exploration of a single-gender world is shallow. the worst part of the entire movie is the asian detective who delivers lines so cheesy and contrived that you'll want to vomit.<br /><br />i can't imagine how on earth this trash got produced. most of the movie is male bashing. "all men are violent." "all men rape women." "men are only animals." all of the women - even the 'closet hetero cases' - seem to display anger toward-, fear of-, and hatred for men. if you want to see a sci-fi film something along the lines of this movie's premise, you'd do best to look elsewhere.they used footage of some real protest spliced with some woman talking about a society with no men to make it seem like these people were cheering for the 'gendercide' of men. the funny thing is, you can see a man cheering on his own death in the background.<br /><br />ok, the plot. some lady says there should be a society with no men, and the crowd in front of her (which contains some men) think its a great idea. so then all the men are killed or something. so there are no more.<br /><br />then this blonde scientist creates a man, but removes some chromosomes so he can't be violent. the male grows very quickly and soon is a full grown man. not long after, he takes the blonde's' volkswagen beetle and drives into the city where he's discovered. now you would think the lone man in a city full of lesbians would be the happiest guy ever but no way. the police chase him.<br /><br />i didn't watch the rest but it probably ends up that they've got to race against the clock and some people, or something bad will probably happen. somehow the man ends up in a stadium with some other men who want him to lead the rebellion. these brave warriors hiding in a stadium might have had some sort of plan which laid out the details of how they'd single handedly get rid of a planet full of women, but i didn't watch. and neither should you.<br /><br />if you're up late and channel surfing and this happens to come on, don't watch. watch anything but this. you'll find those ads for bowflex or the ones with women in bathing suits asking you to 'pick up the phone to meet women just like these' in your area will be more satisfying entertainment.<br /><br />(oh yeah, there's this funny thing when they're pulling in with their cars. i don't know what they did, it looks like they drove in real slow and careful but then tried to speed up the film to compensate but it just looks really weird.) <br /><br />the blonde girl was kind of cute and i'm feeling generous, so... 2/10.... but had to see just how bad it could get. the plotline was thin to begin with, but it just kept getting worse. a female genetic engineering grad student uses her research on accelerated mitosis to artificially create a male, because a biological weapon used in ww3 killed off 97% of the worldwide male population. the surviving men are either high prices gigolos in back alley clubs, or crazed lunatics in run down football stadiums plotting to overthrow the 'lesbian conspiracy'. the entire process resembled the microwaving of a large bowl of jello. press a few buttons and ding you get a baby. not only that, but he will age to mid 20's in a month, and then begin to age normally (how convenient). eventually poor adam gets bored with the secluded cabin in the woods where his creator had raised him and steals her car to 'see the city'.<br /><br />this begins 90 minutes of unlikely chases, convenient plot twists, and several subplots that we never see resolved. as adam quickly learns, what men did survive are treated as outcasts/criminals, because they are dangerous beasts that cannot help there genetic predisposition to violence. the propaganda machines have been in full swing, scaring women into believing all men are rapists and murderers. this has led to lesbianism being the norm, the fall of christianity, female only reproduction via cloning, and oh yeah world peace among other implied results. all of which seem unlikely given that only ~30 years had elapsed since the war. adam stumbles from one bad situation to the next, all the while being genetically programmed to be non-violent and unable to really do much on his own behalf. with the fbi on his trail, madams looking for fresh meat, and his creator trying to recapture him (for herself it seems), he learns that violence is not limited to the male species after all.<br /><br />all in all, i would not recommend this movie.<br /><br />i did however enjoy veronica cartwrights portrayal of the 'love to hate her' director of the fbi, and julie bowen didn't do bad as hope the 'closet hetero' geneticist either.this movie is awful beyond belief. it's a low-budget, badly written, piece of pointless garbage. but the saturday afternoon i stumbled across it on tv still sticks in my mind as one of the most entertaining i've ever spent in front of the television. the badness of this movie is epic -- maybe not ed wood epic, but close. the premise is hysterical (men are banned for being too dangerous and imprisoned in -- haw! -- football stadiums), the pseudo-dyke culture is laughably bizarre (there's an underground sex trade with women who dress up like men to service "deviants") and the "last man" of the title is a pitiful reincarnation of rocky from rocky horror picture show. i didn't get to see the end of it, which i have to assume was so dripping with syrupy "what have we all learned from this?" nonsense it would bring on an urge to brush the teeth, but everything in the first two-thirds was so memorably bad, even if the last third turned out to be a pale imitation of the rest, it's still worthwhile for anyone who gets a kick out of campy, stupid, brainless sci-fi b-flicks.it's a male bashing bonanza. i saw this on sci-fi a while ago, and the idea seemed interesting. it could have been a good movie, and the plot itself i don't see as male bashing, but certain specific references to men get really annoying. i might still watch the movie again though because it does at least try to redeem itself by hinting that maybe the women in the movie aren't really as non-violent as they claim, but it still doesn't compensate for the really tiring male-bashing. i mean, i can understand a little, it's part of the movie's plot, but come on, it gets really tiring after awhile. not only that, but to assume that the majority of women in the world would accept becoming homosexual that easily and that the few remaining heterosexuals would be such a minority as to go "in the closet". it's just too unbelievable. there are far too many women out there with cultural or religious restrictions that would balk at this it is totally implausible. i mean i know its sci-fi, and i love sci-fi, but the best sci-fi has at least a hint of it being possible, and this is too implausible. the phrase "truth is stranger than fiction" came about because fiction has to at least seem plausible to be welcomed, but truth isn't always. this movie is not that. other than that, the movie does have some good acting and the eventual morals of the story, that something like what happened was wrong, do redeem it a little, but not enough.it is fascinating how this title manages to slip by the average viewer as something new and groundbreaking (quoting some of the comments). murali k. thalluri must have thought by himself: "oh, great! elephant ... what a fantastic movie! i'll try hard to do exactly the same movie and see if anyone notices!", sadly enough, he even failed with his outrageous idea. the movie turns out a complete failure. considering that it tries hard to catch the brilliance of gus van sants "elephant", it makes it look even more ridiculous - a most embarrassing faux pas for a film director.<br /><br />the movie starts off with the suicide of a student in the schools bathroom. this scene, already, shows the awkward acting skills of each one involved in this scene. you don't buy a single word they say. in carries on, interrupted by short interview-styled bits of the kids who "live on their marry lives" with each bit rather distressing in its plain stupidity on the basis of each worthless monologue. thalluri means to introduce the characters this way, to give a kind of fast-as-junk-food insight look into their hearts ... and fails once again. not five minutes later, thalluri ultimately screams at the audience "yes, people! i stole this movie and for some curious reason, i am proud of it!" by taking gus van sants most unmistakable narrative style from "elephant": he shot scenes twice to let the viewer follow each character involved in a scene on his particular way and role in a school situation. hm, doesn't this seem awfully familiar? to me, this certain level of very forgiving tolerance had been infringed right there to a point at which i couldn't stand this dreadful movie any more. shame on you, murali k. thalluri, i say! i am especially surprised that "2:37" has reached the official selections in cannes as of 2006, whereas everyone must have certainly remembered "elephant" (2003) at the very same film festival just a few years ago! so, how in the name of the lord did this most disgraceful rip-off end up being shown there? i find myself absolutely puzzled by this mistake.<br /><br />directors like thalluri use the ignorance of audiences who aren't (and cannot completely be) aware of every independent film out there. as elephant has little to do with mainstream cinema (although it is without a doubt a masterpiece), few people notice that the story as told in "2:37" had been told before! how that is possible at a film festival of such importance as attributed to cannes, i cannot say. it is sad and shameful that such things are passed on and hardly anyone sees the true fraud in it.<br /><br />2:37 is by all means solely commercial, worthless as an independent film and (on a certain level) rather a phoney parody of its obvious idol, "elephant".warning: this could spoil your movie. watch it, see if you agree.<br /><br /> to think that we as humans can not learn from the past. the futuristic society portrayed glamorized what hitler believed, obliterate a race of people (in this case men) for the benefit of society. it made me sick to my stomach. also the plausibility of a y bomb is insane. even in war our instinct for self-preservation will prevent the extinction of humanity. we made mistakes in the past ie: japan, hiroshima and nagasaki in '45 but because of that we avoided a bigger mistake in '63 during the cuban missile crisisthe makers ask for a huge suspension of disbelief, you grant them it in the hope that given a little time they'll convince you it's possible. alas, with tv movies it seems as though they specifically set out to make cheap cosmo questionnaire films. with a small budget and big claims you should spend every penny on the details to convince the audience. not here though. the film gets a few points for the good performance the two leading ladies give against the odds, but unfortunately it's not enough to save the day. oh, and the less said about the ending the better. happy film-viewing everyone !this has to be one of the worst movies ever to come out of the sci-fi channel. here is how the movie starts, women are the only humans on this planet due to the fact that in the not to distant future chemical warfare is a ok as long as it only targets soldiers (in case your wondering, men) however the virus back fires (big shock)and all the men on earth slowly die. then all of male kind is condemned to die when the madam president is shot and killed by a man. now we are taken around 60 to 70 years from now, two female scientists are working on cloning a female baby and one of them says "hey, why don't we bring men back?" the other one says no the world is not ready for that, but promptly ignores her and thus a man walks the eath again.<br /><br />first off, this movie assumes that all men who are not genetically altered are blood thirsty monsters. secondly, the writer forgot to mention that present day soldiers are a good mix of male and female officers so there is no real reason to have a virus like that. this is the biggest waist of time you can find. this movie managed to insult my intellect not only by the bad story, but with the lifetime style acting. avoid this movie at all costs.<br /><br />i give this a 1 out of 10 but only because i could go no lower.for three quarters of an hour, the story gradually develops towards a pivotal point of some sort. although it is overburdened with scenes that just seem to be intended to dull the viewer and lure him away from the actual plot, there is something happening. it is not much and it certainly is not obvious. the combination of palace impressions and story-driving scenes do not add any depth or insight to the whole cast of characters. in fact, they keep them sterile as there is no character development at all. everybody just remains spinning and centered around their own clichã© and role - the cute, kinda headstrong girl; the fighting ã¼berwoman, the snobby aristocrat. the male lead does not seem to have any distinction at all, he is a shallow presence, which, actually, doesn't even matter as he is only there because the storyboard required him to - it seemed like he was on vacation and got caught up. when the point comes of turning the corner in terms of what happening, the movie first snaps completely blank for a couple of minutes and then becomes ridiculous. it solves - or better, dissolves - itself with a by-the-book deus ex machina, more clichã©s and some of the most crude plot devices and choices i have ever seen. it's history, alright. first the movie's a drama though it's supposed to be comedic, and then it turns into a farce. the protagonists do what they are expected to do, and there are no surprises. the first set of somewhat serious antagonists however gets replaced by a couple that literally was just bored. maybe that was some kind of nod towards the audience.<br /><br />this movie does not get any bonus from me for underlying philosophical meaning (since there is none) nor for its technical realization. the animation and editing is fair and so's the sound mixing; but it is by no means outstanding or even above the average japanese productions of the late 1980's. in fact, the visual treats seem static, un-inspired and un-original.<br /><br />worst of all - it totally fails to entertain, even if you don't bother with characters and all that stuff. there's too little going on here, and the rest is corny at best. get a real ghibli instead, have a feast with it and keep your fingers off this one.maybe it's just that it was made in 1997, or maybe whoever managed to get this up to a 7 has a soft spot for kids with aids. but really people, the maniacal laughter & mayhem during the withdrawal scene? did you not see that coming? i'm surprised there was no baby crawling across the ceiling and sickboy addressing the camera. the acting was fine, sure. but to me this is just one example of a movie from a time when situations and subject matter could pass for cinematic language. things happen, but that's it. there's no glue or motive that can be detected on screen, allowing the subject matter to use pre-existing emotional connections to furthur the plot, without the script doing it like it's supposed to.fun with dick and jane failed to entertain on so many levels. there were loose ends with the writing, for example, it seems as though one of the major conflicts was the indictment of jim carrey's character dick harper, but the writers never follow up that particular conflict. basically the story is weak and mostly unfunny, but carrey saves a few scenes with his physical humor, but honestly, jim carrey wasn't very funny in this movie, and tea leone might as well have been there just for her appearance because she wasn't funny either. this is just another example of hollywood banking off franchise actors with a lousy unoriginal story.can't liberals like alec baldwin get it through their heads that they lost the elections of 2000 and 2004? the ridiculous. lame swipes at walmart, non-union workers, george w bush and the stock market not to mention the intentional gwb accent that balwin's character uses in the film just makes him look silly and bitter on screen. as the credits roll the sour grapes continue as "special thanks" are given to ken lay, and other ceos from enron, tyco, worldcom, and imclone. let me clue you in to something - if you put all your money into one company's stock you're an idiot. we don't need this excuse for a movie to tell us that. what a waste of jim carrey's talent - from the trailer i expected a completely different movie - what i got was a 90 minute dnc commercial on how to scare people into not investing for their own future, keep them stupid, and keep them dependent on government. no wonder hollywood is in trouble and can't make a decent movie anymore - maybe you guys could get an original idea and put it on screen for once...although i shouldn't be surprised since jane fonda was cast in the original.i was looking forward to seeing this movie, unfortunately i should have listened to my daughters advice. this should have been a spoof, but it took on a realism that corporations had a lot to answer for.<br /><br />jim carrey after all the work he has done is still jim carrey and his comedy does not get any better, his co star was not able to back him up. their son in the movie was invisible.<br /><br />the life of crime was a blink, and that was the missing link of the movie. the film showed 2 or 3 robberies and they were richer than before, that where it lost it for me.<br /><br />i did laugh in some parts butthrough the whole not good enough, alecbaldwin i felt was there to add some weight to the film. his character was not strong enough. there were just too many gaps to make this a smart and tight movie.i would give this a zero if they had that rating. fun was no fun at all. i grew tired of the movie about ten minutes into but endured to the end thinking it had to get better - it did not. the others i watched this movie with also agreed. the acting was annoying. i am tired of jim carey's over the top ham acting. the supporting cast was no better. while this movie was a statement of corporate greed and the plight of the worker who gets stepped on when a large company goes under, the vehicle for this would have been better served another way. i actually disliked the leading characters (dick and jane) so much that their antics were never funny but pathetic. i am trying to recall one scene where i or anyone i was with laughed and cannot. a worthless movie and a total waste of time.this movie was, perhaps, one of the most unoriginal and unfunny films i've seen in a long, long while. to be fair, i was not expecting some revolutionary comic formula, but i was anticipating to at least be entertained. with such low expectations, how could i manage to be disappointed? <br /><br />jim carrey, possibly my favorite actor (not sarcasm), did little more than tread water in this film. he seems to have temporarily returned to his funny-face-making roots and created a character no different from his fletcher reede from liar liar. this new character, dick harper (a.k.a. fletcher 2.0) is a poorly rendered and miserably written whelp. if you find yourself smiling while watching this pitiful and essentially boring character, it is most likely because carrey is trying so hard to bring a third dimension to him. carrey's outlandish posing becomes humorously awkward--and, ultimately, sad.<br /><br />tea leoni as jane does little more than provide the abbott to carrey's costello. i typically find tea leoni refreshing and underused, but not in this case. jane harper could have been easily played by any actress from age thirty to forty-five, and it is in that non-specificity that the character of jane becomes uninteresting to watch. she simply has no defining trait other than her following of the movie's general theme, which seems to be that... wait, no, this movie has no theme. unless you count "big business is evil" as a theme. i thought that was more of a given.<br /><br />richard jenkins and alec baldwin both deliver believable (though tired) supporting performances, but neither man seems truly invested in the role they're playing. it's very clear that alec baldwin was putting about as much effort into playing his role as the sinister c.e.o. as he puts into eating a sandwich (which he seems to be doing a lot of lately).<br /><br />slight tangent, but has alec baldwin played any roles in the past few years that hasn't required him to be a powerful jerk in a suit? <br /><br />anyway, take my advice if you haven't already witnessed the horror for yourself: save your money. this is the one to catch on hbo in a few months. dick and jane are present, but there's no fun to be had.i don't understand what is hard hitting about this movie! i don't understand why high school kids should watch this! i don't understand why this should have made me think about anything in the slightest!<br /><br />*spoiler*<br /><br />when the un-noticed girl is on her way to commit suicide, was i the only person cheering her on? the clichã©'d classical music, long tracking shots, melancholy emotion of the film by that stage had me in reversal to what was intended. i would have only been happy if she walked into the room and the entire cast was in there with her holding scissors to slit their wrists up. <br /><br />why?<br /><br />cause i went to high school.... and frankly im sick to death of seeing movie after movie in australia with teenagers in it being solely based on terrible clichã©s. i've been waiting ages for a younger person to write a movie that im able to relate to and this stereotype driven piece of emo garbage is what i got instead. it was like a dark version of heartbreak high that needed a predictable ending. <br /><br />why are all teenagers in aussie dramas depressed or have really weird problems that just aren't plausibly told? <br /><br />on the plus side, this was funnier then 'blurred'. and i needed a good laugh.unfortunately this is not as good as any of the other films that jim carrey (producing and starring) and brian grazer have worked on together, but bits of it are definitely worth a look for laughs. basically dick harper (carrey) thinks he is being promoted to a better job. that's until the company of dynocorpe sinks and closes down. now dick and his wife jane (tã©a leoni), and their son of course, are in trouble with money. no matter what they try, they can't raise the kind of money they really want. so they start robbing a few places. and then they decide to rob the guy that set dick up, his ex-boss jack mcallister (alec baldwin). i think the most laughable bits are when carrey's in the elevator singing "i believe i can fly" and the bit when he ties up someone in a robbery, and is speaking with a voice changer (he sounds like a crap robot). okay!as a big jim carey fan i took my seat in the cinema with optimism. after all, fun with dick and jane appeared to have all the raw materials to make this another carey success. after the opening five minutes of good humour it seemed that this film would provide but it went wrong as soon as the plot kicked in. the idea that a charming, charismatic, top v.i.p employee could suddenly find himself turning up to work in his nearest supermarket is just so hard to believe and then to get your head round the fact that this guy has also become a master criminal is virtually impossible. the actors seem confused with the situation as well. of course, the stereotypical, rich, uncaring head of the operation doesn't struggle one bit to pull off his one dimensional character but for carey and others around him the job is a whole lot harder. one minute dick is seen as a cocky office pro, obsessed with possessions, the next minute he's a bumbling mess who can barely string two words together, and ultimately he becomes a petty thief who is able, quite happily, to put a gun to another man's head. jane is equally confused with her role and her character never really gets going. <br /><br />the idea behind the story is such a good one and it is a shame that this film has not managed to make it work. the odd moment of laugh out loud comedy can be found but it is usually more physical humour than anything witty or clever. carey tries his best in parts to save a sinking ship but his comic talent can never flourish in a character that has so many gaping holes to his personality. carey shines when he is presented with a strong, daring character (man on the moon, the truman show, ace ventura) which this film never presented him with, despite its best efforts.part of the movie's low rating is the emphasis on unemployment and the suffering we have to endure. while this is good for drama, in comedy, we know the pains it need not be emphasized. as a result fun with dick and jane is not an appropriate title and i was just plain disappointed failing to see any fun with dick and jane. it is true that this is a copy from the movie of the same name, but it fails on the execution and the title was not appropriate for the story line.<br /><br />however, if the movie was retitled to be "the art of the steal" and the emphasis on bungling slapstick comedy more takes on the robbery and the plans to steal (stupidly of course) would have given the movie a major boost. while, at the same time the movie should show the ceo at least in the beginning to be a crook, so it will be easier to project the pains to someone responsible early on and just leave it at that. the movie suffers a viewpoint issue and with that in mind, a comedy cannot work if the viewpoint is not done properly. a scheming husband character who is that of a wile e. coyote on the road runner would be more funny, including the slapstick comedy. but in this case, a steal instead of the capture of the bird with complicate contraptions would be extremely funny here. i mean you can make many of these and put them in the movie. but since the viewpoint was done wrongly, the robbery part had to be limited.<br /><br />you will enjoy the movie the first 15 minutes (during jim carrey's great rise), but to make the problems they had to faced to be more comical since it is a comedy, that is the part that needs a major overhaul. it can be funnier, if problems were faced more like john travolta's civil action during the downfall. that movie was a serious one but the problems they faced were somewhat comical.i thought the movie was sub-par. the acting was good but not great, the story was funny but did not come out that way. the director dropped the ball on this movie. it was not james (jim) or tea. imho it was the music that killed it. there is a scene where things go down hill and jonny cash music is playing - man was that depressing (not funny) killed my mood. after that the movie could not recover. the deportation scene had potential funny situation, good acting good set up - i even smirked but the music again was unsuited to the scene. the music kept me from being pulled in to the movie.<br /><br />i say it had potential but was poorly done, i would even say rushed into final production. kind of reminiscent of the prequel to the exorcist: the beginning. the theater release was good, i though so after watching it, but the movie release exorcist:dominion was a helluva lot better. same story just different director. same should be done here.what a terrible misfire. not only the title but the idea is the same as that jane fonda, george segal vehicle of a few decades ago. why? i wonder, someone with the clout of jim carrey will, not only star, but also produce this tired, ugly, pointless excuse for a comedy. he could be taking comedy to a whole new level, instead, he goes for what he may assume is safe territory. money, money, grosses, christmas. but i'm sure this uncomfortable mess will have very short legs. i call it uncomfortable because that's how i felt. aware as i was of the desperate attempts tried out on the screen to be funny. and failing, miserably. it could have been an outrageous, politically incorrect, mirror comedy of the post enron days but no, that would be pointing too high, too risky. what a shame!a satire about greed and money, what? there is more greed in the intentions behind this fiasco than in any of the themes they pathetically try to make fun of. jim carrey's reign was certainly short lived. he is an unbearable presence on the screen. the insincerity of his portrayal is nothing short of creepy. he produced this, this "masterpiece" as well, so he can't blame anyone here. "the number one comedy in america" shout the desperate tv adds. of course, jim carrey was suppose to guarantee full houses but the game is over. if i sound angry is because i am. i spent a sunny afternoon in california, plus, between tickets, parking, flat cokes etc, almost 45 bucks on this thing, starring and produced by mr carry. not anymore, do you hear? not anymore.oh my lord, what were they thinking about with this one. it not only is frantically unfunny, but worse, a very good original was trashed in the bargain. jane fonda, believe it or not, actually turned in the performance of her life in that one. even better than where she plays the whore in the other so called performance of her life. maybe she is just flat good as a crook. any other time, wow, what a waste of time. but she and segal team up beautifully, so if you even remotely got a glimpse of anything funny in this baby, catch the anvil upon which it got beaten into a pulp from.<br /><br />because very very very little of that one remains, to this ones horror. nothing in this baby is remotely funny except for maybe a couple of moments when dick and jane are bulging lipped up as lepers and cant kiss..... and uhh........oh my lord, that's it? well, looks like it. <br /><br />it truly is that bad a film.jim carrey is a particular brand of humour and i personally think he's a great actor (eternal sunshine, for example).<br /><br />however, this movie is presumably intended to be nothing more than a jim carrey vehicle, so be aware straight off that if you don't think his style of comedy is funny, you will sit stony-faced throughout this film, as it has nothing else to recommend it.<br /><br />even if you do like carrey's comedy, i am not sure you will find this film amusing. i went to see it on a saturday night at 10:30pm and the audience was definitely ready to laugh. they giggled throughout the trailers, which weren't particularly funny, but when it came to the film, stony silence. i think it raised about five genuine laughs.<br /><br />the problem with the movie is it doesn't know what it wants to be. it can't make up its mind whether it's going for slapstick or serious. if it were stupid throughout it could be forgiven but (i'm guessing) it's also trying to make a point about the relationship between the two central characters.<br /><br />the strong point of the film is the hold-ups, and there was plenty of potential here. but these didn't start until about halfway through and remained largely undeveloped. meanwhile, you have to sit through the first excruciating 40 minutes as the couple's life deteriorates.<br /><br />four separate groups walked out of this film while i was there, and if my flatmate hadn't asked me to keep away from the house (his girlfriend having just returned from a month-long vacation!), i would have done the same. and in my entire 25 years of movie going, i have done that just once before.see dick work.<br /><br />see jane work.<br /><br />dick and jane are married.<br /><br />they are successful.<br /><br />they have a son. <br /><br />they have a nice house.<br /><br />they have a latino housekeeper.<br /><br />the housekeeper teaches spanish to the son.<br /><br />the son speaks spanish.<br /><br />ha-ha.<br /><br />see dick get promoted.<br /><br />the pompous ceo is a crook.<br /><br />see dick take the fall for the pompous ceo.<br /><br />jane quits her job.<br /><br />oops.<br /><br />see dick and jane out of work.<br /><br />dick & jane turn to crime.<br /><br />as a plot device, they decide to rob the ceo.<br /><br />see the robbery get botched.<br /><br />see dick & jane fund the company's pension plan with the money from the robbery.<br /><br />yay. see the end credits.<br /><br />okay, so you've got the plot. beyond that, dick and jane careens from one scene to the next. one barely connecting with the last one or the next one. the whole thing is terribly episodic in nature. <br /><br />jim carrey didn't bother to bring his "a" material, he just seems bored and slightly ashamed of the whole thing. but heck, when you're getting paid $20 million plus, why bother. tea leoni is frantic. i guess i would be frantic not to get blamed for this flop.<br /><br />there's just something sort of off about dick & jane. carrey and leoni aren't funny and have little chemistry. the script isn't funny. and it's not well-plotted.<br /><br />but it may be bigger than that. the reality of dick and jane is, perhaps, a little too real. maybe it's just not funny for people to lose their jobs in an enron-like situation, when real-life still lacks a happy ending.dick and jane harper (jim carrey, tã©a leoni) wind up on the unemployment line when the corporation dick works for is caught in a corruption scandal, and after desperately and unsuccessfully trying to find jobs, the duo turns to crime in order to get them out of poverty.<br /><br />i've always been a fan of jim carrey. it's been awhile since he has made a straight up comedy. the last one was bruce almighty which was pretty good. he has proved that he can do serious dramas but comedy is his real element. fun with dick and jane proves that he still has it. even though the film was funny, it was still kind of disappointing. it wasn't as funny as i thought it would be. it's worth watching once though unlike most of carrey's movies, it doesn't have a good repeat value. part of the problem is the script. i was surprised the script was weak since this is the same guy that made the forty year old virgin. some of the jokes just fall flat and other times they seem to be trying too hard. if jim carrey wasn't in it, than the film would have been a lot worse.<br /><br />next to jim carrey is tã©a leoni. she's an okay actress but she just isn't very funny. she doesn't match up well with carrey and she seemed to be phoning in her performance. they should have gone with someone else. the supporting cast includes alec baldwin, richard jenkins and aaron michael jenkins. the latter plays billy harper and he actually gives a decent performance. he wasn't as annoying as most child stars are. alec baldwin was okay and richard jenkins tried too hard to be funny. to be honest, i'm a little bias here. the film altogether was pretty average but i liked it more because of jim carrey's performance. fans of jim carrey should enjoy it but that's about it. in the end, fun with dick and jane is a fun way to spend 90 minutes but its not very memorable. rating 6/10honestly, mr. thalluri.... if you do a drama movie in a high-school setting following a bunch of teenagers through a school day and if you mess up the time-frame and jump back and forth... if you do that, you can't use the exact same visual story telling device of "elephant" which is using a camera that is passing of from one character to the next and having scenes shown 3 times from different angles. you just can't do that because this is such a blunt rip off its hard to believe anyone gave this more than a 5 rating.<br /><br />where "elephant" (which was released 3 years prior to this movie) uses school shootings (or to be exact the columbine shooting) as the focal point for its script 2:37 uses teen suicide and seeing the reviews the shock value of that subject worked. its the same slow story telling, a lot of dramatic piano music all leading to a finale you know from the beginning. at least the characters look like they tried hard to be somewhat different in that department. so you got a untypical gay guy who looks acts like a stoner/skater, a hunky lover-boy who can't deal with his gay side, brother and sister from a rich family who both got their very own problems and here comes the nose dive. <br /><br />you also get a spoiled bulimic chick and one of the most ridiculous characters ever... a guy with medical conditions who wets his pants because of "2 urethra syndrome" who actually never heard of the invention of diapers but rather pisses his pants in the classroom and then change into new clothes and does so every day! wow, as hard as this movie tries to be realistic this is the most absurd thing i have ever heard. he gets beaten up on the toilet and is obviously ashamed of it but doesn't wipe the blood of his nose when going through the whole school with wet pants and a bleeding nose. thats new-age realism directly leading to "the twist" and final character who turns out to be the suicide victim...<br /><br />after watching the "very realistic" life of teenagers (one day including, incest-rape, teen pregnancy, bulimia, parental pressure for grades and appearance and the gay subject mentioned before, kind of like your "very realistic" daily soap... trying hard to be) we watch a girl die we met once in the beginning of this movie and who has no reason but that the guy she had a crush on left the room when she was talking to him (in a thoughtful piano playing sequence btw, seen that somewhere before??). and it gets even better... before slitting her wrist in a painful long scene of "yes" and "no" she asks 2-urethra-guy if he is ok, constantly smiling and then she cuts her wrist with scissors in a school toilet. <br /><br />now you got a movie that is a total rip-off of elephant, fails with some really sloppy story telling (the whole rape-incest thing was pretty unbelievable too by the way) and people call this a shocker.<br /><br />what the heck is going on?? is all it takes to take some pseudo-dramatic music, boring story telling and adding a shock subject on top and people think there is a major deep message here?? i think elephant is way overrated already but that movie was the original while this here is an obvious rip-off failing on many more levels. i have never ever seen a more brazen stealing of a whole movie concept in my life... and believe me i watched a hundred of horror movies so i know how low you can go there. this is a total let down in all departments... its nor realistic, its stolen, its damn slow and by all means i wonder whats more useless... another romantic suicide (many give this point to the movie which makes me wonder if they only watch romeo+juliet all day long because there is dozens of movies which deal with the subject in a clear non-romantic and more realistic way) or this ridiculous set up... come on! i am still trying to work out if 2-urethra-guy or the suicide itself is more unrealistic and ridiculous.there is no "fun" poking fun at the desperate plight of illegal immigrants! or the desperate plight of head-shop owners, for that matter! that the richer-than-god brian glazer didn't see the irony of having the "heroes" do exactly what the villain does - rob honest, hardworking people of their life savings - doesn't surprise me! hell, how do you think he got to be richer than god?!<br /><br />in this alleged satire about greed, these mental midgets reveal their own hypocrisy: the mcmansions, the mctoys, the mcchildren, the mcillegals who are paid peanuts to take care of the mcmansions, the mctoys, and the mcchildren! but the main problem (aside from the revolting bigotry) is the premise: as the former executive of a now-infamous company, dick would be the big scalp for every corporate headhunter in the country! no soup kitchens for him! and, raking in high six-figures, you'd think he wouldn't be caught dead around a gore/lieberman poster!i rented this film out of the local video store one day, you know, the kind of movie with box art that just reaches out and tells you to 'rent me'. well, if you see this dull film in your video store, walk on by. fight the urge, rent a porno, because this film is booooooorrrring. despite the interesting opening, the film lapses into repetitive murders and a hardboiled cop stumbling around, dealing with the usual problems (wife, bastard of a boss, etc). wondering if the fast forward function on your vcr works? rent this film and put your concerns to the test.a killer (john karlen) with a penchant for really bad disguises (afro wig on a white dude?) cruises around in his van looking for victims. detective decarlo (james luisi) is on the case and finds the killer rather easily by just hanging out by the local pool and looking for anyone looking weird (again, the afro wig comes into play). tracking the killer to his home, decarlo decides to set up a risky sting involving a female police psychologist.<br /><br />inspired by the crimes of ted bundy before he was caught, killer's delight is a pretty predictable and cheap serial killer flick. director jeremy hoenack has no idea how to pace a film or even make it suspenseful. he does know how to show lots of close ups of the killer wringing his hands though! the only thing this really has going for it is the captured 70s atmosphere (look out for the bathroom wallpaper). well, that and a downbeat ending. the media blasters/shriek show dvd has lots of nice stuff though including an audio commentary by hoenack and karlen, plus video interviews, trailers and an alternate opening.detective sergent vince de carlo (james luisi) and company are on the case of a vicious serial killer/rapist. can psychologist carol (susan sullivan) help, or will she become the killer's next victim? and what is with the killer's hilarious white dude afro? <br /><br />inspired by the case of serial killer ted bundy, "killer's delight" aka "the dark ride" is a rather dull serial killer tale from 1978 that doesn't offer much. if anything, it's more of a police procedural flick than a horror movie, as much of the violence occurs off camera. sure, we get mutilated bodies, but we don't get a whole lot in the exploitation department-especially considering that they are from the aftermath, and not during the crime. those hoping for the likes of "the toolbox murders" or "maniac" will be very disappointed.<br /><br />fortunately, there is an impressive scene involving a woman trying to escape the killer that get's the tone right, and is quite suspenseful to boot. also, john karlen is quite effective as the killer, though his hilarious hairstyle (white guys with afros are always worth a chuckle) is more than a bit distracting.<br /><br />"the dark ride" is too routine and mediocre to really warrant a recommendation, as it lacks the proper exploitation elements, and is dated even by the standards of the time. those looking for a better example should probably turn to "don't go in the house" and a few others instead, as this just doesn't cut it." while sporadically engrossing (including a few effectively tender moments) and humorous, the sledgehammer-obvious satire 'homecoming' hinges on comes off as forced and ultimately unfulfilling. with material like this, timing is everything (michael moore knew to release "fahrenheit 9/11" before the 2004 elections), and the real tragedy of dante's film is that it didn't come out 2 years ago, when its message would have carried an energy that would have energized the dissidents further. in 2006, mockery of the well-settled bush administration hardly seems as controversially compelling (or imperiled) as it did then."<br /><br />frankly anyone that could be convinced of anything by a ham fisted zombie flick has questionable intelligence. <br /><br />and if you didn't notice, michael moore didn't exactly help to defeat bush.<br /><br />there was nothing engrossing about this film. i just felt disgust at how blatant and frankly stupid the film was, it was painful to watch. if you are going to do something like this you need a bit of wit. sadly this has none. a poorly done satire actually has the opposite of its intended effect. as they say, with friends like these who needs enemies.i can get over the political parody; even if this was suppose to be a "masters of horror" flick.<br /><br />but, what i can't get over is the blatant usage of our war heroes (and their sacrifice) as pawns in some washed up horror maker's political statement.<br /><br />to me it was purely insulting to desecrate arlington, and our heroes. i have family at arlington. the idea that this guy (dante) would even portray the arlington graves being disturbed just makes me want to puke.<br /><br />i'm done with dante, and done with moh.i think this movie lacks so much of substance, it is even not worth a discussion.<br /><br />in the first, the package is really disgusting. especially the stereotype filming and photographing. surely, joe dante's cinematic stile was appropriate and interesting in "gremlins" and "small soldiers", i mean the imaginative and visual pretty story telling of a spielberg-wunderkind (i really loved these movies), but in "homecoming" it was a completely failure. attacks of toy soldiers and hairy creatures is simply not comparable with zombie-invasions (dead, stinky, rotten beings trying to kill the living - without any logical reason, just because they hate them). <br /><br />zombie flicks are characteristic in plain, direct, unconventional and brutal cinematography. nothing to be seen in joe dante's debut. another point is the annoying content: really stupid dialogs between the two main characters, a gruesome exploitation of the "elder brother dies and leaves the younger traumatized" and bad acting. and, by the way "homecoming" is neither scary, nor gory - and even less entertaining. you see, it is even not a horror movie.<br /><br />zombie movies in the decade of their birth - it the end of 60s/ start of the 70s - used to be revolutionary, provocative (espicially through its gruesome, explicit content) and of subtle social critic. the original zombie film was actually a midnight-movie named "night of the living dead" (1968). this one was a low budget movie that covered so many controversial themes, it's hard to name them all: a visual style of hitchcock/raimi, the american lifestyle of the 70s, political aloofness, the upcoming breakthrough of the human rights of black people and the even more upcoming racism as a result on the side of the conservative americans (remember the shooting of the black main character in the end of the movie).<br /><br />if you are interested in the creativity of midnight movies and want to learn more about the most important ones, i recommend you "midnight movies: from the margin to the mainstream ".<br /><br />so steer clear of "homecoming" and even so of romero's "land of the dead".just a few words: it's a good thing george a romero is still among us cause if he were dead, he would be forced to rise from grave to vote against the people who made this 'political satire' and the saddest thing of all is that i actually agree with these people's sentiments. yeah there's zombies in it and they do have a good reason to come back from beyond the grave: to vote. oh, and one of them finishes off the doctor from startrek voyager. that's about as scary as it will get, people. if you are looking for a horror-movie i suggest you keep on looking. and if you are looking for a witty political satire you're also in the wrong place and not just because this series is called masters of horror. but don't let me hold you back: maybe you see something i've missed. though chances are you'll be wasting your time with it just as i have. let's just say i prefer my zombie-movies with the zombies standing in frã³nt of the camera.okay, it features one lovely blink-and-you-miss-it-joke (when the dead are rising from their tombs, the names of the old time "horror" directors like jacques tournier and jean yarborough are featured in the tombstones) and the smashing of morally bankrupt repu/con/rightist villains is on-target: whorish skanks preaching morals etc. but why these soldiers are anti-republicans? because they have gone to the war, most of them should be republicans, right? why they don't go to killing the enemies who killed them or something? why they all want to vote against the republicans? why this story has made of a movie? questions never answered...the only reason i gave this episode of "masters of horror" a 2 instead of a 1 is because the two lead actors are good, and it wasn't shot on vhs. the story, the dialog, and the plot are ridiculous. <br /><br />talking / driving zombies who come back to vote and sway the political tide against the war! give me a break! what next, zombies who come back to go skydiving? maybe zombies who come back to host qvc shows? <br /><br />i never supported the iraq war, but i do support the courage and sacrifice of the men and women of our armed forces; and "homecoming" was disrespectful in that it mocks the true horror of war. <br /><br />with zombies being mass produced in today's market... this is the spam of zombie-related entertainment. how "homecoming" made it onto "masters of horror" is beyond me.i couldn't relate to this film. i'm surprised that people are lauding it for being so 'realistic'. how many people at your school were victim to incest? how many closet homosexual jocks were there? how many quiet people that you never noticed committed suicide? hmmm. ok you wouldn't know even if their were. but really these are explosive problems which many us never deal with. and yet there are so many teenagers with subtle problems which could have been explored. but hey, where's the 'entertainment' in that?<br /><br />with regards to the girl who committed suicide - i found this to be exploitative. i actually think many people in high school at some stage feel invisible, ignored and unwanted. but what possesses someone to violently commit suicide on just another day of being ignored and unnoticed? the filmmaker decided this girl would suicide to make the film more provocative. and the graphic nature of the suicide to make it even more provocative. i didn't buy it as a real life scenario.<br /><br />and the problems of the other students i didn't fully relate to. bullying is explored but that's been done to death, we all know it goes on and it truly is a matter of resolve within that person. closet homosexuality? pfft, another clichã© gets rolled out. thats the thing really, too many clichã©s. i guessed the ending at the start. there was a predictable unpredictability if that makes sense. you've got all these characters with explosive problems, and one with apparently none. and i thought, what is the point of this character unless she's the unsuspecting suicide victim? and surely enough..<br /><br />one thing i will say, and it is the saving grace of the film, is that it does not glamourise suicide. the suicide is very graphic and heart-breaking to watch. it is a powerful scene (regardless of how contrived it is)and one that dismisses suicide as the easy option. but the film is really not very imaginative and used stereotypes.<br /><br />not bad but certainly not groundbreaking or worthy of a 17-minute standing ovation at cannes???homecoming; what a huge disappointment!! after reading the plot summary (the dead coming back to vote - against george w. bush!!!!!) i couldn't wait to see this. it started off interesting and it immediately caught my attention. unfortunately, though, it slowly descended into a boring political satire that i didn't need to see (i can just watch some good old aussie comedy for that!). there was pretty much only one or two scenes of horror and they weren't even that scary. i couldn't believe this came from joe dante, who could easily have pulled it off with an equal balance of thrills and satire.<br /><br />the worst episode so far.<br /><br />2/5.i disagree with dante portraying the democrat-supporting zombies as creatures with an average iq of 23. i do believe their behaviour should reflect a lower iq than that, something in the order of a pelosi iq... a single-digit figure, please.<br /><br />the moh series is quite uneven, and this is the very worst episode. dante, yet another mindless hollywood liberal (or an apolitical nerd who sucks up to the leftist establishment in order to re-kindle his pitiful career?), must have finally realized that his directorial pursuits had been stuck in a low gear for nearly two decades now, hence came up with this cringe-inducing, unsubtle, left-wing "satire" of the bush administration, republicans, and capitalism. perhaps he felt he hadn't been overtly political before. he wouldn't exactly be the first no-talent to use asinine political propaganda to further his career, when all else fails. the maker of turds such as "piranha", "the howling", and "matinee", dante has been as useful a contributor to the horror genre as adolf hitler had been to world peace.<br /><br />th uses lowest-common-denominator humour, cheap and predictable gags which even the bluest of all blue-collar union members wouldn't have trouble understanding. or have you ever seen a clever, subtle, intelligent liberal satire? populist manure has the basest of all messages, hence the language and manner in which this message is communicated has to be as simple and basic as sean penn's name. and what better people to send this message to the popcorn-munching sheep than a couple of cocaine-sniffing tinseltown losers who've all fallen so low that they're forced to write for tv...<br /><br />i don't want political propaganda, either left or right, in any type of movie. but placing it in horror - of all genres - is a testament to the endless stupidity that reigns so supreme among hollywood's anti-intelligentsia. so vapid was dante that he even failed to notice the hilarious suggestion that zombies would vote democrat... (that's what you get for finishing a movie school: not a source of wisdom or useful knowledge by any stretch of the imagination.)---------spoiler alert----------------------------<br /><br />this was the worst of the series, it is horror disguised as political satire and it is as subtle as a sledge hammer, not very scary and not very insightful. did micheal moore have anything to do with this piece of garbage.?<br /><br />i'm really sick of hollywood using entertainment as a political campaign against george bush and constantly repeating the same talking points over and over again. this movie wants to be deathdream, but unlike that movie which subtly poignantly tackled the problems soldiers who came back from vietnam by clever making the main character come back as a blood craving zombie and slowly built on this theme: it was a true horror film that was also good social commentary, because it didn't get sanctimonious, exploitave and preachy.<br /><br />i guess joe dante, thought this was trying to make a horror film to scare republicans, conservatives and libertarians and me being the last in that list found this film to be totally ridiculous, manipulative and exploitave all at the same time and i don't mean the good type of exploitative, that you often find in the " drive-in" type movies, i mean exploitative in the most sickening and vile manner: using the deaths of our soldiers as a manipulative political statement disguised as a horror film. <br /><br />this film assumes that all the soldiers who died in iraq, would vote against a conservative president if they would come back to life as zombies, which is a flawed premise, because as i recall for the most part and going by george romero's rules; zombies are mindless, flesh eating creatures, operating on pure impulse and even though the zombie andy, in deathdream could talk, he couldn't really hold a conversation and he was driven by his addiction to human blood. okay, zombies are mindless creatures driven by impulse and not intellect and obviously they are dead, so why would dead people be allowed to vote in the first place? my interpretation of this film is that the only war a liberal democrat could win is by having mindless, dead people vote for him, i guess they meant to say the people that vote for presidents like george bush are the mindless zombies, while the real mindless zombies, are actually the ones making the intellectually sounds decisions. yeah, whatever. dawn of the dead tackled this idea much better, but user the idea of mindless consumerism. this film isn't dawn of the dead by any stretched of the imagination.<br /><br />the film addresses the issue while the soldiers are alive that a majority of them voted for a bush like president, but after they die they would vote for a liberal anti-war democrat after they are zombies, who are normally considered brain dead creatures and laughably has them destruct after they vote.<br /><br />if you are gonna make a zombie movie mr. dante and invoke george romero's name in it, you better have mindless zombies that like ripping people apart and eating their intestines, not zombies that vote. i also like how the zombies just go "evil" conservatives who support the war.<br /><br />if you want a good movie with social commentary skip this poorly made, preachy piece of junk and watch deathdream instead.<br /><br />the worst of the master of horror series hands down.i had enjoyed the masters of horror series until i came upon this infantile dung heap. <br /><br />this anti-bush propaganda piece masquerading as a horror film comes off like an episode of the original batman done by michael moore. political satire should be clever, this however, pulls a ten on the simpleton scale with all the style and credibility of an l. ron hubbard film.<br /><br />in its campy, inane way, it accuses the republicans of stealing elections, going to war for absolutely no reason and treating servicemen and women as mere cannon fodder. it even takes a swipe at the second amendment and religion. all that was missing was caesar romero as the president cackling in glee about how he orchestrated 9/11.<br /><br />i guess the ending was supposed to be the "we support our troops" moment, but i think they would be more offended than pleased with the entire endeavor.<br /><br />i'm sure the hollywood elites are sitting in their malbu mansions patting each other on the backs for this "pithy" work while the misinformed anti-war drones hail it as genius. <br /><br />time to get fitted with new tinfoil hats kids.i can appreciate satire that goes against my own views but it must be witty and well-placed. this film is...how can i possibly explain it. it does not make the slightest attempt at subtlety, much less intelligence. in fact, it's hardly even horror. dead soldiers come to life but they're not interested in brains, only in voting booths. why? cue a never-ending stream of the most idiotic, banal, bloated windbag ravings of "bad president, bad conservatives, bad republicans." what a self-indulgent, schmaltzy, cornball piece of hog manure this was.<br /><br />even if they agree with the episode's "points," only the stupidest of liberals would say they enjoyed watching it. then again, assigning a degree of stupidity to the crazed, angry, hostile, anti-social and anti-anything-halfway-normal liberal spectrum is a tall task in itself.<br /><br />avoid like a liberal convention.dear mr dante, <br /><br />dude, seriously... the title of the show is "masters of horror". and be that as it may, it is supposed to be an opportunity to show of your horror chops, to show the world why you deserve to be called a "master" of the genre. appearantly you misunderstood the exercise. appearantly you thought it was your opportunity (or worse, your duty) to educate the american public on your political beliefs. and your attempt comes off as disgusting, overbearing, and above all preachy.<br /><br />the only reason anyone marked your short as a high score is because their political views match yours and they are the type of people that don't mind having that sort of politics shoved down their throat.<br /><br />i, on the other hand, don't give a damn what you believe, they believe, or i believe... i just want such obvious (not subtle) and unfunny (not satire) messages out of my horror. and while there were certainly other "masters of horror" that were big time disappointments or where i was just generally confused why that director (william malone?) would be considered a genre "master"... yours fails far beyond the rest for just missing the entire point of the series.<br /><br />so next time... can you please just keep your preachy politics to yourself?i was looking forward to dante's contribution to this excellent horror anthology series from showtime, but this was easily the worst of the bunch. it's really too bad. part of this may be due to the poor, if odd, choice of source materials. why joe didn't just write an original, i have no idea. instead, we get this soapbox episode where the "message" overwhelms the script, the characters, the staging, everything, and by the end i was just wondering whether it could get any worse, and i won't spoil it...but it ended up getting worse. what a stinker by such a talented creative team. skip this one and buy the john carpenter one instead. it manages to balance all of the elements: horror, humor, character, vision, and it's fun. homecoming is about as fun as having a bear take a dump on you while you sleep.the last sentence of this review is a major spoiler.<br /><br />i have enjoyed joe dante's work since piranha. he's done a great deal of different genre parodies that were both funny and honest.<br /><br />but this is pure crap. this is the kind of satire - in line with thank you for smoking - that is so literal and direct that it leaves nothing a) to be laughed at and b) to leave the audience to think about.<br /><br />it's a shame, because the plot and the material is so rich, timely and ripe for intelligent commentary.<br /><br />by the way, there is absolutely no reason for the main character to shoot the ann coulter character at the end of the film. it's just flat out ridiculous.there are places for political commentary in film, but "masters of horror" is not one of them. i get enough of this stuff from newsweek and every other editorial in the newspaper. now i've got to watch this in horror movies? c'mon! all i wanted was a good zombie schlock film, not another "bush is bad!" rant. if joe dante wants to express his politics, let him go on air america. and if you must insist on making a "message" film, be a little more sly about it. this had all the insinuation of being slapped in the face with a dead fish.<br /><br />by the way joe, do you really want the left-wing voting block to be associated with brain-dead zombies? might want to think about that before making another political horror movie (god help us).i disagree 100% with the reviewer who disagreed 100% with the reviewer who gave this short movie an "f" grade. cashing in heavily on political propaganda only obscures joe dante's lack of ability to pull another howling out of his bag of tricks. the masters of horror series was a phenomenal collection of truly horrifying tales, save for this episode.<br /><br />despite gaining acclaim from those who wish to promote it's political slant, "homecoming" is the least effective episode of moh season one. unlike the rest of the series, dante's entry is a parody of the genre, falling short of both horror and humor in it's ham-fisted delivery of a hackneyed political point.<br /><br />dante can really only be blamed for pulling this stinker off the shelf, as it wasn't his creation. the zombie sub-genre is very popular this decade, and among the crop of predictable george romero tributes and vacuous fantasies are a number of works designed to push political or (ir)religeous messages. such works are not written by or intended for true horror fans. maybe dante really isn't a a master of horror, either. what has he been up to since the howling, after all?<br /><br />if you want a lame anti-war zombie flick with a few pop culture references passed off as humor, homecoming may be just your thing. if you are a horror fan looking for something masterful, pick up... most any other episode of the series. my personal favorite was dario argento's "jenifer," based loosely on a classic comic short by the team of bruce jones and berni wrightson -- truly creepy.i caught 2:37 at the afi fest in los angeles. it's a very well shot first film (though the dv format begins to show itself in outside scenes), and i'm sure it has good intentions of showing us the "dark side" of high school - in other words every side of high school. but the filmmaker doesn't have the talent to write or direct up to the premise's promise. there are several characters, but none of them are any more than what the plot requires them to be. there's no depth to these caricatures beyond the machinations of "i am troubled teen x, i have y problem." the perceived roles of men and women in this story are phenomenally troublesome.<br /><br />let's start with the men. you have the stoner kid who's gay, the jock who's also gay, the boy who rapes his sister, and mr. peepants. as the stereotype requires, all gay men must be sexually unfulfilled and violent toward women and themselves. naturally (or unnaturally as the stereotype assumes), the two gay male characters beat up women, peepants, and themselves. i'd be perfectly fine with these characterizations if the stereotypes were turned on their heads, or if the characters somehow transcended them. yet neither took place, and that's all there is to these characters' stories.<br /><br />next, the ladies. one young woman wants to be a bulimic housewife, another is the pregnant rapee of the sister-raping brother, and there's the girl who kills herself (i'll get to that later). again, i don't think there's a requirement of political correctness for filmmakers (i'd be out of a job were that the case), but i do think that it's only justified if there's more to that character or story. if that archetype were being used to reveal something about character other than "i'm a teenager and life sucks," i'd be happy as a clam. but nothing new is revealed! nothing is subverted, or changed, or sublimated.<br /><br />finally, the girl who kills herself. this is blunt and highly sloppy storytelling. we're supposed to sit through 5 minutes of a girl violently killing herself who we've seen for maybe 30 seconds through the whole film? we've followed all these other stories for an hour and a half, and now we're invited to torture ourselves for a character that isn't part of the story? it's cheap, exploitative, and sloppy. despite the millions of crappy indie films that came before this, you have to earn something like that. you can't simply purchase it on credit. so this suicide happens, we get wrap-ups from the characters that go similarly nowhere but down, and the film ends. what have i learned? i already knew high school sucked - been there, done that. i already knew people have stereotypical views of gay men and young women. i already knew that kids with disabilities are mocked.<br /><br />what else is there, then? smoke, mirrors, and some really nice views of leaves. oh, and the nastiest deus ex machina i've seen in a while.some people thought this was funny because they loved the political issues discussed in this piece. i, however, am so tired of the state of the two party system in our country that i can't stomach propaganda from either side. i was hoping for a horror show, but got "cute" zombies and partisan bull crap. i watch my horror films to be scared. this didn't even attempt to be scary. also, this doesn't have the wit of romero in his political/cultural satire laced in his movies...this was a blatant, no-imagination story that was hard for me to stomach (for the wrong reasons). on the bright side, if you hate bush...you'll love this (i'm not condoning hate or bush with this statement)low-budget murder mystery about a public defender trying to clear his client of a murder the man had been convicted of 12 years previously. complicating things is the fact that he escaped custody after his conviction, but the pd believes the man to be innocent of the murder and works to find the real killer. gig young as the pd is okay, and james anderson as the convicted killer is actually pretty good, but the picture as a whole just rambles along with little suspense, and despite some good character actors in the cast, the performances are generally below par. director george archainbaud was apparently more at home making westerns--he was churning out gene autry's tv series at columbia at around this time--but even if he had tried to inject any liveliness into this picture, the hack script would have defeated his attempts. average at best, the film climaxes with a courtroom scene that's straight out of an episode of "perry mason" and is just as predictable.one reviewer says of those who might not like this film that "it will only be appreciated by film goers who weary of film as diversion". this, i feel, is rather unfair to those of us who find it boring.<br /><br />i have not become weary or disillusioned with film or with film makers, but found this tedious and self indulgent. but then, it's true, i'm not too big into deep meaningfulness. i feel that it may have great meaning for those in the know, you know.<br /><br />it is very slow and it spends a long time in trying to make its individual points, using imagery, indeed, to do so. but in such days as these, it seems possible that a film like this might be the kind of thing that you'd come across in one of those dark and daunting booths in modern art galleries, rather than on the screen of a popular cinema setting.i found this film completely and utterly incomprehensible. i knew some of he facts about caravagggio, but here they were twisted and puzzling. the images were weirdly interesting but i was looking more for a biographical and/or critical accounting of caravaggio's life and works, not an lsd type drug trip. the dialogue was very confusing and jumping back and forth in time via the use of trains, calculators, typewriters and cigarettes was extremely distracting. had it been labelled an "artsy film" i wouldn't have purchased the dvd; now i have a dvd that i'll never watch again and who would buy it? i prefer mainstream films not those that require translation or elucidation. thumbs down on this one for me!i went to see this film last night at the national film theatre in london, as a birthday treat. it was the the first time i've seen it, and i think it has now overtaken the dreadful "twister" as the worst film i have ever seen. disjointed for no reason, self indulgent and full of imagery that oscillates from the crass and obvious to the obscure and unintelligible, not particularly beautifully or grimily shot, i really don't understand why this is considered classic, gay or otherwise. i normally enjoy films that push boundaries or even films that are hard to watch because of their length or unusual cinematography. but this was truly, truly awful.what we know of caravaggio suggests a strutting brawler with a healthy sense of entitlement who lived amongst whores and thieves and hustlers and put them on canvas. his works' themes were sex, death, redemption, above all, finding the sacred within the profane. he lived at a time where homosexuality carried a death sentence and political intrigue normally involved fatalities in a society defined by the maxim "strangling the boy for the purity of his scream".<br /><br />you can't fault derek jarman for his cinematography, nor his recreations of caravaggio's paintings and you certainly can't accuse the man of shying away from the homosexuality. but frankly, jarman never strays beyond 80s caricature. italian patronage becomes the 80s london art scene complete with pretty waiters and calculators. sean bean is a sexy bit of northern rough oiling his motorbike. tilda swinton performs a transformation worthy of a mills and boons ("why, miss lena, without that gypsy headscarf, you're beautiful..."). jarman provides caravaggio with a particularly trite motive for the murder which left him exiled.<br /><br />this could have been a visually stunning treatment of a man whose life was dangerous, exciting, violent and decadent but who nonetheless elevated the lives of ordinary people to the status of renaissance masterpieces, looked on by emperors and kings. instead, what you get is pierre et gilles do italy. the pretty bodies of young boys are shown to perfection, but never the men who inhabit them. jarman appears to satirise the london art scene, showing it shallow and pretentious. to use caravaggio and renaissance italy to make the point is to use a silk purse to make a pig's ear. in fairness, this film remains visually stunning, but ultimately as two dimensional as the paintings it describes."opposing force [1986]" wasn't as good as "dr. strangelove" and it wasn't as good as "the bridge on the river kwai". heck, it wasn't even as good as "g.i. jane", which is pretty sad.<br /><br />the film revolves around a basic ethical problem: in a simulated prisoner-of-war situation, how far can you go before you start breaking the law? what exactly is the law in such a situation? how can you simulate the torture of someone without actually torturing someone? can you intentionally inflict pain? how about breaking bones? mock executions? sexual abuse? severe blood loss? real guns with bullets? death? somewhere between these is a really fuzzy line dividing "acceptable" from "atrocious".<br /><br />now, what could you do if you found yourself in such a training program and the lines between simulation and reality begin to vanish? what could you do? this movie attempts to portray this dilemma.<br /><br />i found it interesting to see the types of tactics used in "resistance training". i have a brother who went through the usaf's pow training program. according to him, it was pretty close to the mark technically.<br /><br />the film has a fairly good premise, but it doesn't have a particularly good story. i wondered if it might be based on some actual event, but it became pretty apparent that it wasn't when the explosions started. they must have changed scriptwriters three quarters into the film, because it takes a real extreme turn and devolves into a somewhat pointless shoot-em-up with lots of distracting explosions. <br /><br />i found it to have a rather unsatisfying ending; again, kind of pointless. i'm left wondering what the point of the whole thing was - i'm beginning to suspect there simply wasn't one. it could have been much better with just a little more story to go along with the fireworks.without saying how it ended, it is sufficient to say that the whole thing degenerates from about five minutes before the end. if the standard had been maintained throughout, the movie would be worth a seven.<br /><br />one wonders in a way why a woman was added to the cast. (well - not really!) the premise is a good one the situation the victims find themselves in is pretty terrifying and it's rather well done, but you get the impression the makers of the film lost interest towards the end, or as a previous contributor said, they changed writers and handed over to someone else.how anyone can praise this crude film version after seeing the marvelous waterloo bridge with vivien leigh and robert taylor, is beyond comprehension.<br /><br />mae clarke's myra is a far cry from the role as played by vivien leigh in the remake. she plays a common american girl with a brooklyn accent and the "yeah" responses are a bit jarring when one is expecting a less coarse character. douglass montgomery (billed in final credits as kent douglass) is wildly improbable as a soldier smitten with her no matter how many times she lets him down. bette davis has a nothing role in a bit part.<br /><br />their melodramatic confrontations during the last twenty minutes of the film are beyond belief (extravagant bits of overacting)--even given the fact that this is a cruder version of the story when sound was only a few years old and silent acting was still the rage.<br /><br />just awful. and it ends abruptly with clarke losing her life during a bombing on the bridge. the end.<br /><br />it has none of the beautifully shaded performances in the mgm remake of 1940, including a sterling supporting cast. instead, this one is mounted with low-budget production values (and i mean a shoe-string budget) with no subtlety at all. and there's no pre-code braveness in the scene where myra tells the aristocratic lady why she must not marry her son, roy. she simply says, "i picked him up on waterloo bridge." explanation over. nothing bold there.<br /><br />summing up: for once, the original is not the best version by any means. vivien leigh and robert taylor have never been surpassed as myra and roy in the tender, exquisitely acted 1940 film classic.although this series and the mini film in particular were very important at the time of release, i feel that the series as a whole was actually fairly poorly written with a weak cast. the issues at heart are extremely well portrayed yet it is difficult to relate and understand the problems within the film when the acting and script isn't convincing enough (especially when looking at the mini film).<br /><br />i also don't believe that this mini film or series has stood the test of time as now many of the scenes are quite laughable. the issues are still crucial but boys from the blackstuff cannot fully aid the cause of understanding the problems in britain in the 1980s.this film did well at the box office, and the producers of this mess thought the stars had such good chemistry in this that they cast them in the much darker screwball farce, the gazebo. frankly, i am shocked to see all the positive comments on this ludicrously plotted unfunny comedy. both lead characters have the maturity of seven-year-olds and are much less interesting to spend time with. a veteran supporting cast including fred clark, harry morgan, and eva gabor lend excellent support. and, the beautiful cinematography certainly makes the rich countryside of spain seem lush. and, there are four or five truly funny scenes to go with two wise scenes and a whole bunch of recycled and unfunny clutter.<br /><br />i cannot recommend it started with a kiss.filmmaker bryan forbes, who once displayed a light, sardonic touch with beguiling material such as "whistle down the wind" and the original "stepford wives", completely bottoms out here. not only is his direction inept, he also sloppily adapted sidney sheldon's early novel; the results are atrocious. roger moore plays a psychiatrist framed for the murder of one of his patients; rod steiger, chewing the scenery, is a hot-under-the-collar cop (it's easily his most embarrassing performance). the only actor here to exhibit some life is elliott gould, who knows a thing or two about enlivening a bum script. bland, choppy, and produced on the cheap. no stars from ****it beats me how anyone can rate this film very highly. it is no understatement to call it far fetched. how the guy managed in such a short space of time to construct a wooden maze of underground rooms is quite ridiculous or maybe he was the greatest carpenter since jesus. the obese sheriff played by hoyt axton looked like a refugee from the jerry springer show and i found the blonde female lead jennifer jason leigh rather plain. we have an expression here in the u.k. 'mutton done up as lamb' which suits her perfectly. it wasn't all bad however, i enjoyed it immensely when the end credits rolled and 'the end' came up was quite brilliant for this hotch potch of a t.v. movie which if it had been a cinematic release would have been put on video and in discount stores in no time at all.though it's better than most made-for-tv movies, "buried alive" is nothing more than a run-of-the-mill revenge tale. there are so many plot holes in this one, it makes you wonder why the screenwriters didn't go through a series of re-writes. the ending has a nice twist to it, but it's hardly believable.<br /><br />the acting by jennifer jason leigh is terrific, as always, but tim matheson hams it up with cheesy one-liners that reminds one of jack nicholson in "the shining". don't bother with this one.i saw this turkey in the theater, but i had a good time. the special effects aren't worthy of a grade school production. a toy boat, representing a freighter, moving at speedboat velocity on flat waters while wind driven fog blows in the opposite direction. the red and blue flood lamps add that extra dramatic touch. whatever cache vincent price was supposed to bring as narrator is completely overshadowed by dreadful production work. calling this a documentary is like calling britney spears a musician. about 20 minutes into this, something struck me as very funny. maybe it was price's overly dramatic intonation of the oft-used line "they vanished into the devil's triangle! [cut to black; next story] once i started laughing, my friends joined in. next time vinny said the crucial line, someone in the back yelled out: "good!" after that, it got almost as many laughs as a marx brothers film. nobody stayed for the dreadfully serious second feature "chariots of the gods."back in college i studied marketing and, even though i missed a whole lot of classes and never really paid any attention, i will always remember the main and most essential principle of marketing, namely: it's not what you sell; it's how you sell it! this principle fully applies to "the devil's triangle", as it's basically a beautifully wrapped and enticing yet empty package. writer/director richard winer knew exactly that he had to divert the viewer's attention away from the major inaccuracies, so he threw in some elements that never fail when it comes to providing a creepy atmosphere, like the sinister voice of narrator vincent price and the oddball music of king crimson. and i'm guessing richard winer's dirty little tricks worked very efficiently, as there was a huge bermuda triangle hype going on during the mid-70's and literally every movie production â? whether it was an inaccurate documentary or a sleazy exploitation flick â? covering the topic earned big money at the box office. "the devil's triangle" overwhelms you with data that is unstructured and often irrelevant, but the severe dramatization of the facts and of course the intimidating stark voice of the almighty vincent price generates an ambiance of fright and creepiness. the narration constantly jumps back and forward in time and covers a massive amount of "strange occurrences" and "mysterious vanishings" of ships and airplanes in the bermuda triangle throughout a period of nearly one whole century, but the reports remain extremely vague at all times and the eloquent mr. price invariably ends every chapter with the sinister words "â? just another unsolved mystery of the devil's triangleâ?". after a couple of cases the whole formula simply becomes laughable and almost pathetic, but i guess it caused genuine mass hysteria back in 1974. the documentary expands a little more on the most notorious bermuda triangle mysteries, like the five planes of military flight 19 that inexplicably disappeared all at once and the peculiar case of the vessel uss cyclops, but still even in these chapters only a minimum of serviceable information is given. the cameras never at one point go underwater to explore the depths of the bermuda area, for example, and the testimonies of the supposedly real-life witnesses of the dramas suspiciously look like staged acting scenes. if you're looking for an informative and objective documentary on the bermuda triangle, i certainly wouldn't recommend this movie, but in case you want to sit back and listen to vincent price's hypnotizing voice for nearly a full hour, this is your chance!this is by far the most repulsive and atrocious version of the scarlet pimpernel ever to be devised. as a pimpernel fan, i was sincerely offended by what they did to the characters--but this atrocity is not worth watching, even if you aren't familiar with the story.<br /><br />percy blakeney, for example, would never stab people in the back just to get down a hallway. chauvelin would never have a string of women in his bed. marguerite never had an affair with chauvelin, nor armand with minette, whoever the heck she is. chauvelin would not randomly shoot tony in the head. chauvelin's name is not, nor has it ever been, paul. they have completely eradicated any reference to the pimpernel's disguises, replacing them instead with james bond-esque gadgets and gizmos.<br /><br />as to the film itself... the makeup is horrifying. the women look like clowns. elizabeth mcgovern's beauty mark wanders around her face at random. the poor, pitiable actors have no script to work with, so it's not really their fault that their characters are as thin as wet tissue paper. the dialogue... oh, the dialogue. the dialogue is unbearable. and whoever is responsible for all those little captions at the bottom of the screen should be forced to watch this movie as penance. (i counted 13 location captions in the first half-hour before i gave up. as if we can't figure out that the body of water between england and france is the english channel.)<br /><br />the film--if i can bring myself to call it that, since it's really just videotape with a filter--is absolutely without redeeming value. do not waste your time and brain cells on this rancid drivel--instead, go watch the 1982 anthony andrews/jane seymour version, or the 1934 leslie howard film, or indeed anything but this one.as someone who has read all of baroness orczy's books and seen most of the movies based on them, i must say that the 1980's version, with anthony andrews and jane seymour, was better than this. it was better written and stuck more to the spirit of the story than this one, which seemed to go out of its way to involve people getting shot. this new adaptation is less light-hearted, yet does not have as much depth, either. although there is some good acting, the actors did not have much to work with. nice costumes, though.i have read each and every one of baroness orczy's scarlet pimpernel books. counting this one, i have seen 3 pimpernel movies. the one with jane seymour and anthony andrews i preferred greatly to this. it goes out of its way for violence and action, occasionally completely violating the spirit of the book. i don't expect movies to stick directly to plots, i gave up being that idealistic long ago, but if an excellent movie of a book has already been made, don't remake it with a tv movie that includes excellent actors and nice costumes, but a barely decent script. sticking with the 80's version....rahnethe screen writers for this mini-series should have been sentenced to the guillotine themselves. they butchered a very fun story and squandered the talents of richard e. grant. the only thing the writers kept from the original books was the name. all of the characters were totally altered and the story was not the same. i strongly suggest watching another version of the scarlet pimpernel. any other version is better than this one.i have read almost all the books by now, and have seen the musical production in two different languages. i absolutely adored everything that i have been acquainted previously. but lately i've been running out of resources to sustain my fancy. i still have couple of books left, but they are either in transit or they are the sequels which i am not in a hurry to read. so an idea dawned on me - sink me! there are movies which i have not watched! thus, i must watch them immediately.<br /><br />the first five minutes of these series were... acceptable. in fact, i quite enjoyed the variation of the reason for the denunciation, however different it had seemed. it went all downhill from there, though. chauvelin was too... foppish? and, i daresay, too old for this role. not nearly that dark and dashing figure with his dreadful either-or. (and what was that with random bed scene featuring him? it was way too creepy - wasn't his only love the madame guillotine, and his only interest - his job, and his only obsession - sir percy?) marguerite... prettiest woman in france? cleverest woman in europe? i think not. although, whatever compelled her to break into the study of sir percy i haven't the faintest idea. and whatever my lord tony has done to deserve this death? yes, every member of the league did pledge his life to sir percy, but he would have never endangered any of them nor would have run away like a coward when his dear friend faces mortal danger. and if by any means he had to mourn his companion, he would have done that, mourn, not just move on as if nothing had happened. which brings me to another point, sir percy. his portrayal was most dreadful. he was neither a lazy fop, nor a gallant and elusive hero who is a master of transformations. nor did he care too much about cravats (his pronunciation of that word alone made my ears bleed) and with his own hands he had never killed anyone. so what was that with him randomly walking around and slaughtering people?<br /><br />the costumes were just too flashy for that time period as well. this is post-revolutionary france we are talking about! not pre-revolutionary. people in dresses like that stand out in a crowd quite easily. it was all just... gah!<br /><br />although, i must admit, after i watched other parts my opinion did change slightly. watching it as a separate work, independent of scarlet pimpernel series, it was tolerable. just your other average hero in the mask. but for what they tried to pass it, it is still miserable.the characters was as unoriginal it hurts. the little skinny dorky computer geek, the funny african-american with stupid clischã© punchlines, cool white guy with a compassion for cars and the handsome leader who ends up with the pretty girl. the actors is at best mediocre. ecsept from norton who does a pretty good job as the bad guy. <br /><br />the rest of the movie is also stupid and a total waste of time. its all in all about a group of spoiled boys using the world as their playground where every safe in a big house is what keeps them with food on the table. i mean, why work for a living when you can rob people?<br /><br />and,.. who the f**** messes with the traffic lights in a major european city?!? and in the middle of the friggin day!? think of all the damages and not to say deaths among innocent civilians. what about all the ambulances and firetrucks? <br /><br />i created no compassion for the main characters, and weather mr wahlberg gets his bloody gold or not, i could not give less of a fart.i don't know why they even kept the name. how they could call the series 'the scarlet pimpernel' after they deviated from the novels so much, i wouldn't have a clue. the character names are the only things they kept, and even then they changed a few of those, and mixed them up, and changed percy's relationships with them. admittedly, i only watched about two hours at the most of it, but that was enough for me to realize that the series was nothing like baroness orzcy had portrayed her characters, and probably would have been rolling around in her grave when it was filming and airing. poor lady. i hope that when the next person wants to make a movie/series of the book they don't ruin it as completely as this series did.before i start to tear apart this movie, mark you--i love the scarlet pimpernel. that story is one of the best romantic adventures ever written. the movie staring jane grey is very good and the musical on broadway is the hottest thing there. so, i thought when i heard that this film was coming out that it would be great since it was a bbc film.<br /><br />to my surprise, it was a weak, totally stupid story that utterly failed in capturing the gorgeous tale.<br /><br />there were no exciting escapes with daring disguises. there was no deep love that made your heart flutter as percy left the room and marguerite sighed as her husband was leaving her again.<br /><br />all it had was a confusing plot and a lot of out-of-the-blue sex and violence.<br /><br />sink me! what a horrible movie!<br /><br />having read the books and seen the 1982 anthony andrews/jane<br /><br />seymour version, i have to say that this is not good at all.<br /><br />according to the books, percy is supposed to be a seemingly<br /><br />foppish aristocrat when he's being percy, and witty and clever<br /><br />when he's being the pimpernel, but here he just looks bored as<br /><br />percy and mean as the pimpernel. marguerite is supposed to be<br /><br />the most beautiful woman in europe, not a tired and frumpy-looking matron (she looks middle-aged, probably due to<br /><br />bad make-up). richard e. grant has done much better things, and<br /><br />elizabeth mcgovern's acting is uninspired and flat. the wit and<br /><br />dash of the books and the andrews/seymour film is here replaced<br /><br />by brawn and flashy editing that just don't make the cut. <br /><br /> i might add that to a person who hasn't seen any previous version<br /><br />or read the book, it would probably look ok.i am not quite sure i agree with the director of this version of the scarlet pimpernel. i imagined sir percy blakeney a very calm, seemingly lazy aristocrat. this particular sir percy blakeney appears to be teeming with overwhelming energy and volatility. i did not appreciate the houdini, james bond, mission impossible style escapes that sir percy engineered either. in the previous versions, wit was the tool for escape, not technology. neither were the characters of marguerite and chauvelin adequately portrayed. there seemed to be little energy or chemistry in the interaction between the characters.<br /><br />i do not wish to assign any blame, for perhaps the reason for my dislike of this movie might simply be a matter of difference in interpretation. had the director's interpretation coincided with mine, perhaps i might not have been irritated by what seemed to me bad character portrayals.<br /><br />i much preferred the version from 1982. anthony andrews was quite efficient as the imperturbable, calm fop. so were jane seymour and ian mckellen. in my opinion, the style of this period piece seems to have been lost with this latest adaption. i recommend sticking with the previous versions, either the one from 1934 or the one from 1982.<br /><br />i tried watching this movie, but i didn't make it past the first 15 minutes. it's a terrible disappointment, considering the cast, but i can't look past the fact that the dialogue is in english and some of the actors pretending to be indian are not even close (read: kristin kreuk). considering that india alone has 1/6th of the world's population and one of the biggest movie industries, i don't think it would have been hard for the film-makers to have found an excellent indian actress to play the part. and i don't say so because of some blind patriotism, but because it's absolutely and totally absurd for a non-indian to play the role of an indian/pakistani. now some people say that 'as long as she's convincing who cares?' but my point is exactly that she's not convincing and never can be - not due to her acting skills, but due to her ethnicity. for example, however good an actor tom hanks may be, he'll never be able to play an australian aborigine!<br /><br />but that is still minor to the biggest faux pas the film-makers made: having the dialogue in english. it totally destroys the mood, as well as any semblance of authenticity. had the same movie been made in native languages (hindi, urdu, punjabi) with english subtitles, this may have been an excellent movie. unfortunately, as things stand, i would not recommend anyone seeing it, apart from film students who want to study "what not to do" in movies.as we are well aware, movies are not set out to be a direct incorporation of history, but it is a disgrace when a movie is made which has absolutely little to no correlation. i wish the director and/or the screen writer had done his/her research in this topic. all this movie does is create a forum for hate between people, while causing a rift that should not be there. this movie portrayed the sikhs and muslims in a very negative manor, while making the third group (hindus) look as if they were non existent in the brutal killings of the people of both nations. the inaccuracies, coupled with the sear disregard for one's faith as portrayed by 'gian singh' was a disgrace to the highest format. though on a more positive note, the actors did a great job in acting in their roles. both kristen k and neve c played their rolls exceptionally. i hope those that watch this movie do not see or use it as a template for the actual historical event.i seem to be disagreeing with a lot of folks here. but i really did not find this movie as scintillating as the reviews i read claimed. it was no doubt a touching story and the partition background provided the scope for an epic. but, the movie was a let down. specially for neone who has seen 'gadar'. inspite of the lead being played by sunny deol and the incessant songs, i must say gadar is the better of the two. the story being virtually the same. partition failed to create any depth in its characters as well as the scenes that were supposed to hav an impact. over looking kristin kruek's accent and the smallvile image, which in itself wasn't an easy job. the characters just did not seem too real. not that i am criticizing the acting by any of the lead. it just did not work. the atmosphere was well drawn up, but the movie really lacked in substance. not that i am die hard rambo fan, but some action cud have seen the movie through, or some character development. it all seemed like a rush to the finish. and the ending only added to the viewers dissatisfaction.<br /><br />nonetheles, i must say that it was at least a good effort in seemingly unfamiliar territory by the director. and if u haven't seen gadar, then u mite even like it.the title, although singular, will undoubtedly remind real horror fans of tod browning's immortal classic about a troop of circus freaks and how they were misunderstood by the outside world. i can assure you, however, that this "thing" has absolutely nothing to do with "freaks" or even with the art of professional film-making in general. this movie was recommended to me, supposedly because it's raw, disturbing and thought provoking despite the low budget production values. yeah rightâ? the person who recommended it to me may now consider himself to be my personal foe! the low budget factor is correct, but that about sums it up. "freak" is dreadfully slow, poorly made and every character that gets introduced is downright insufferableâ?and that includes the freak too. two siblings on their way to a new life encounter a deformed mental patient who escaped from the transport truck to another hospital and heads back to the house where he killed his mother at age 9. this could have been an interesting slasher with good isolated filming locations but, instead, tyler sharpe decided to make it boring and pointless family drama. the lead actress' attempts to look emotionally devastated are pretty laughable and the total lack of suspense and action can hardly be blamed to the limited budget. total failure!yawn, that is my reaction to this film. i was really hoping this would have been a good modern day slasher but it doesn't even fall into the category of slashers. instead, it tries to be something it isn't, which is a psychological thriller, and it fails so miserably at this. even the title "freak" suggests that this might be interesting. match this with the cover art on the dvd and you think "ok, maybe i will give this one a try". not worth the time.<br /><br />the story actually starts up a bit interesting with a poor deformed child with bandages wrapped around his head being chained up by his fat mother. she yells at him and probably beats him since in one scene we see her actually slap him for no reason. after all this, he decides he has had enough and smashes her face in with (i believe) a rock. present day, he is now in insane asylum and is being transfered. on his way he breaks out of the van he is in and escapes. introduce also the 2 leads characters, a little girl and her older sister. they are moving and hit the road. so most of the movie is them riding around in the car talking amongst themselves. but, the bandaged "freak" is now on the loose and is about go on a rampage of grueling murder! (this is me being totally sarcastic)<br /><br />i can't believe how boring this movie turned out to be. the budget was on the smallest ever with absolutely no special effects and the dialog i could just care less about. this is one of those movie where the packaging is better then the flick itself. and to compare this to halloween?! rubbish! i am not even a fan of the the halloween series (except the 3rd one) but halloween is far superior than this. at least with halloween we have a great score and some genuinely creepy moments. with this, there is virtually no music except some piano here and there and there is nothing creepy about this movie. maybe this movie would have fared better if it had a solid score because even the worst of movies are tolerable if the music is good.<br /><br />well, that is just my opinion on the movie. i thought it was just a complete waist of time and money. but, since the movie has over a 4/10 rating on imdb, there must be people that like this movie. i am not one of those people. 2/10i rented this movie because the cover was cool looking, the first 15 minutes of the movie are okay and somehow interesting, but once the young woman and her little sister go on their trip everything goes to hell and the movie becomes boring."the italian job" is a caper movie done by the numbers. riding on the back of every caper cliche, it rises to no particular heights and will be a movie footnote by about the end of the month.<br /><br />the biggest problem is that "the italian job" possesses no imagination at all. i've seen it all before and done better then. the acting is fine the cinematography is completely acceptable, but this film breaks absolutely no new ground.<br /><br />let's tick off the cliches:<br /><br /> - "old-school" criminal father figure and his protege<br /><br /> - another gang member jealous of protege<br /><br /> - a double-cross<br /><br /> - only bad guys use guns while good-guy criminals don't have to<br /><br /> - good criminals always outwit the bad guys<br /><br />and that's about the first fifteen minutes. everything is so predictable. even the heist and car chase scenes, supposedly the highlight of the movie, seem pretty ordinary. this is especially true since they appeared in the trailers for the film so i already knew what to look for.<br /><br />for me, a caper film works only if it has an element of realism - that maybe, just maybe, it could be pulled off without relying on a deux ex machina or "just because" moments. parts of "the italian job" just throws that out the window, with computers doing things that computers can't do, the good guys not hitting anyone with their driving (especially going down the stairs) and not one single police car responding to street explosions, recklessly driven minis or even a low flying helicopter. must be a heck of a city for these things not to rate a response.<br /><br />the acting is passable, with the crew (seth green, jason stratham and mos def) being at least fun to watch. mark wahlberg is just too smarmy as the "nice guy" hero while charlize theron is about the only actor called on to display some kind of range. donald sutherland is a class act as always and shows up wahlberg's deficiencies every moment they are together.<br /><br />overall this is a pretty uninteresting film. given the imdb ratings, it's the girls that really love this film, which i can understand to some extent, but there are such better caper films out there - even the vapidness of the recent "ocean's eleven" outshines the non-event that is "the italian job".<br /><br />***spoiler***<br /><br />at the conclusion, take a moment to think about what is going to happen to norton's character. are we meant to be cheering the good guys for causing his demise, especially since it would appear to be long and painful? he didn't deserve that, simpering creep that he was.<br /><br />***end spoiler***if you are home on a weekend, very bored and lack the will to move, with absolutely nothing better to do with your life for the next couple of hours you could enjoy making fun of this movie. the acting and script and general movie making of this film isn't actually all that bad, which is why it makes it possible to actually sit through this. this is defitnly a movie they would show in high school health class to teach the dangers of pre-marital sex. or they could also show it to teach the dangers of very lame music - that 'rock' band brian austin green is in is really terrible, i think thats a much greater threat to society than unwed parents.sometimes there's a film so bad that you just keep watching in awe. this is one of those films. of course i can't help that i'm biased. i'm from chicago so i watched the scenes closely for accuracy and i don't find billy crystal funny at all. and i can't stand all that english style photography(tony scott etc) with the smoke machine working overtime and all the flourecent, soft lighting. i suppose we're supposed to believe that billy crystal is really from chicago because he wears a cubs jersey. oh and the plot. if you really think about it, these guys should be locked up, not the bad guys, since they're more dangerous. and of course there's the clichã© of the cops on the verge of retiring. but the funniest scene is the climax where the good and bad guys machine gun other to death in the thompson center(a state building!) of course it's a cool building, but it's the equivalent of making a huge drug deal at the white house.in case you dear readers never heard, this movie was the main inspiration for last year's samuel l. jackson-eugene levy clunker the man. this 80s-drenched buddy action-comedy pairs short 'n stubbly billy crystal and the late ethiopian shim-shammer gregory hines together as some witty chi-town cops who don't play by the rules. that's pretty much the extent of the movie. interest is somewhat peaked by hines' line delivery that is spookily similar to will smith's and by cameos of now-more-famous actors like memento's joe pantoliano and "nypd blue's" jimmy smits. my favorite scene is, i dunno, the car chase on the tracks, i guess. basically, i just view this movie as a major helping hand in the demolition of action buddy flicks. well, this and lethal weapon 4... and rush hour 2... and the man...the core message is strong, the cast has given it their best shot, the packaging is excellent, but the screenplay is seriously over-dramatized and every cliche in the book on women's suffering in india has been over-used to the max.the bearings of western-style feminism on the various subcultures of india have hitherto remained largely non-existent, the two entities belonging to alien realms and threatening (in the name of tradition) never to coincide. art imitates life (or so the claim goes) and popular hindi cinema is no exception, reflecting an underlying misogyny which, regrettably, forms the foundation of much of the collective indian culture. but why? what is it about the female gender that has rendered it so hateful to the culture that women are routinely subject to the most unimaginable horrors, including rape, murder, infanticide, imposed illiteracy, infidelity, and the subjugation of spirit that goes under the name of 'dowry'? rajkumar santoshi's latest offering, "lajja", asks the same plaintive question, linking the atrocities committed against women through three separate chapters/episodes which comprise the journey of shame endured by its protagonist, vaidehi (manisha koirala).<br /><br />direction on santoshi's part is not up to par with the level the story demands. he fails to achieve the necessary sensitivity in depicting the saga of sadness and confronts the issue of misogyny from the side, instead of head-on. santoshi has recently said that he did not make the film for an international film festival, but rather for the masses of his country. regrettably, the tackiness shows, and the film too often delves into the action-blood-gore genre that santoshi specializes in. the film suffers from its jerky, episodic pace and its ending is rather too contrived.<br /><br />the female cast is given much kinder and more rounded characterizations than their male counterparts. the protagonist is played sensitively by the luminescently beautiful manisha koirala who proves in lajja that she is one of our time's more competent leading ladies, and given a proper role and set up, emerges with a truly commendable performance. one wonders how brilliantly she may have shone had the film been made by a director with the appropriate creative intention and appreciation of the issue at hand. mahima choudhary puts in a laudable performance and continues to show that she is an untapped talent. cast as janki, madhuri dixit performs with a never-before-seen fervor and felicity for what truly deserves the name of 'acting.' the role of a street smart performer who finds solace in alcohol and the promise of an unborn child stands as the greatest risk in her cannon of song-n-dance roles which have maintained her marquee status over the past decade. which leaves the final and most disturbing performance in this would-be feminist saga, that of the ceaselessly talented rekha. lajja is manisha koirala's film, there can be no doubt about that, but it is rekha who dominates the proceedings in a performance that digs into your bones and sends echoes of terror through the vestibules of your heart. rekha dazzles as ramdulari, foregoing vanity and complacency to deliver a performance that is so replete with authenticity and ingenuity that emotional nudity becomes the mantra of this portion of the film. comparisons are indeed odious, especially when rendered opposite one of the world's great leading ladies, but in the gracious presence of this reigning screen legend the others fade in her shadow.<br /><br />"lajja" has none of the sophistication of proto-feminist dramas like "zubeidaa", "pinjar", or even the hell-queen celebration "laadla": it fulfills its feministic goals in two early moments:the loud tirade in which mahima berates her in-laws for their abuse of her father who has committed no other crime than given birth to a girl. she erupts, leaving the wedding procession in shambles. seeing her father devastated, she begins to weep, blaming herself for the chaotic destruction in front of her. she bemoans, "why did i say anything? i have ruined everything! it is all my fault!" her grandmother, witnessing silently the abuse she bore, comforts her by saying, "why are you crying? there is no reason for you to be crying. you are not at fault for anything. the fault is mine. the fault is of every woman who came before you, because if we had had the courage to say in our day what you have said today, there would have been no need for you to say anything today." in this scene the importance of the feminist legacy is laid plainly in sight through words.<br /><br />the other, more subtle moment comes very early in the film when vaidehi (manisha) has fled from her abusive husband to the refuge of her parents' home in india. to viewers of western societies, it may seem perfectly reasonable (indeed, natural) that any abused woman would seek the protective guardianship of her parents; this, however, is a societal taboo in many eastern cultures, india among them. once a woman has been married, the identity she assumes is that of her husband and his personal assets (family, business, children, etc.) for her to turn her back on these responsibilities is a grave social sin, one which truly has no equivalent for the western woman. she is thereafter regarded as tainted and as 'damaged goods', one whose value has been nullified entirely by her own actions and her refusal to submit to the role she has been given. she is not so much an individual as she is an emblem of familial honor. her father rebukes her for her actions, concerned that his familial honor will be tarnished irreparably by the daughter he had already transferred to another man. his primary concern is that of the impending marriage of vaidehi's younger sister, a prospect made far less likely with a divorced elder daughter in the same household. he tells her in no uncertain that she must return to the man to whom she lawfully belongs, however violent and sadistic he may be. he levies against her the age old adage that, "the honor of every home lies in the hands of its daughter." quietly and pensively, she replies, "yes, the honor of every home lies in the hands of its daughter. but there is no honor for the daughter herself."i can't believe some of the scores this film is getting on the imdb website! have i been issued with the special edition naff version? edited by dewhurst, produced by bernard matthews, this film should be housed in battersea. i'm sorry for all the uk-centric references but if you're elsewhere and you've got no toenails to cut or you haven't got a beer mat collection to catalogue then this film might just be worth 90 mins of your remaining lifespan (as long as you haven't got any paint to watch drying). the plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted. what on earth is irons doing in this film?jeremy irons and forrest whitaker are good actors. but this movie was badly written. first of all, during the hijack scene, irons sits too comfortably in his chair...he appears to be reading something, and rather calmly too! perhaps the director shot the actor in between takes? also, the violence at the hijacking was a big letdown. slow-mo, bullets flying--how his wife and daughter get killed is just not that interesting and the tension is lost. his grieving afterward wasted another 10 minutes. then he decided to "get revenge" and talk to all his industry journalist friends and ambassadors (he's a journalist for the stuffy economist rag) and lo and behold, they actually give him tips on where to find the bad guys! how do they know? but what really made me turn the movie off halfway through was when irons finds his way into a warehouse where baddies are hanging out--but not the baddies who killed his wife--and blows them away anyway. so he's just a murderer. he gets away and, well...i shut it off. i mean i couldn't figure out how his friends knew anything, and also i thought he was after the remaining 2 guys in custody who were the original hijackers. instead he's going after their friends, i guess, or anyone who hangs out in warehouses and leaves automatic weapons laying around. the suspense was just totally conventional and the dialog was lame ("it's ok son, crying helps," he says to his son. son says "no it doesn't" and father says "you're right..it doesn't.")irons takes on questionable roles--like that one dragon movie he did. he was excellent in brideshead revisited, which is a completely different animal than this lukewarm thriller.i think the manuscript of this movie was written on the piece of toilet-paper. no respect whatsoever to many important details which intrinsically make the movie. for example, the names of some serbian terrorists (that i remember) are caradan maldic, ivanic loyvek and leo hasse. what kind of names are that? certainly not serbian! by the way, caradan maldic!!! what a name, i laughed for days thinking about it. probably an implication on karadzic and mladic. secondly, there have never been any cases of terrorism done by serbians. a journalist like the main character ought to have known that. thirdly, the actors playing serbian terrorists are not even serbs nor do they speak serbo-croatian. all this aside, this movie is solidly acted but the story is paper-thin and full of holes. at times it makes no sense whatsoever!!!all through his career hitchcock did great films; this was not one of them.<br /><br />a man knows too much, his daughter is kidnapped to secure his silence, and in the denouement all is resolved to the accompaniment of gunfire and rooftop drama.<br /><br />anyone who has seen 1930s fritz lang films- 'm' comes to mind- will know how far this urban narrative of crime and conscience falls short of what had already been done in that genre at that time. there is an altogether amateurish air about much of the staging and acting which subverts any sense of menace, darkness, and depravity that hitchcock might have been seeking to instil.<br /><br />what it is worth watching out for, however, is the sequence associated with the shooting at the albert hall. once that kicks off it is as if the film has been given a blood transfusion. the camerawork is lively, the cuts are interesting, and the way that everything combines to a climax is masterly. here you can see the future master: hitchcock effortlessly orchestrate all the resources to impressive and memorable effect: when the scream comes you really feel as well as hear it.i'll have to admit that i'm at a disadvantage here; when i learn more about a film from other reviewers than from watching it myself, then that's a problem. although the plot of "the man who knew too much" seems generally straightforward, the movie allows too many cryptic elements to get in the way of what could have been a satisfying mystery. by the time we get to the scene where a witchy looking woman establishes the secrecy of "the first degree of the seven fold ray", i didn't know whether to laugh or rewind to see if i missed something.<br /><br />in retrospect, the cryptic note retrieved by mr. lawrence (leslie banks) from the handle of a shaving brush was a craftily written message, leading to a dentist named barbor, and eventually to the albert hall, a place, not a person as indicated by "a. hall". but for all the intrigue, it's never made clear why the assassination target was being eliminated. okay, so louis bernard was killed because he knew of a plot to assassinate a diplomat named ropa, but why was ropa a target? come to think of it, why was the note even written and secured in the shaving brush? did bernard have to refer to it every now and then to remind himself what was going to happen?<br /><br />with it's disjointed scenes, "the man who knew too much" is hard to follow and a bit disorienting, however i'll give alfred hitchcock credit for this early effort. for perspective, i'll have to watch some of his other work of the same era, though this movie certainly can't hold a candle to his later works like "psycho" or "north by northwest".i was really disappointed by this movie. great actors in it, and potentially a great plot, but it just seemed to limp along.<br /><br />charlize theron was masterful in her role and beautiful, but it seemed like 90% of her on-screen work was in car chases done with austin minis. product placement gone wrong, so very wrong.<br /><br />the direction seemed off, too. edward norton is the bad guy, and it was so obvious right from the start. every time the camera would pass over him, it would linger too long and norton would grimace or something. c'mon, hollywood, give us a little credit! it's okay to surprise us with a plot twist without having to telegraph it.<br /><br />sorry, but this movie was just below average. i have always been one to appreciate the work and talent that goes into a movie, but this one just didn't have it.this movie, although well shot and superbly acted, was awful. i felt as if i was watching a car accident--sure i kept watching but i really wanted to turn my head. the plot leaves little to be desired, was extremely disjointed, and the ending was abysmal. although, it did fit the tone of the movie, i was hoping for something to improve this movie. i still don't understand what the references to rabies and the child get bit by the fox at the beginning of the movie. fifteen minutes of plot that really didn't do much. it's really sad to see a movie with fine actors and a beautiful set wasted on such an awful, awful, story. there's not much more to say about this movie. save yourself the time and watch c-span. it'll be more uplifting.this story is about a safari in africa that meets some guy named trent--who convinces them to look for a tribe of white babes. naturally, they turn out to be amazon warriors and capture the men. the rest is pretty predictable.<br /><br />this movie has everything you'd expect in a bargain basement movie about africa--the substantial use of often irrelevant stock footage, film of animals that are not native to the continent (such as orangutans, moose, coatamundis and ground hogs),a white actor in dark makeup playing a native, bad acting (particularly from trent--a handsome man with the personality of balsa wood), comic relief (sounding like chico marx), a guy dressed up in a gorilla suit and bikini-clad white women with perms who are supposedly fierce jungle warriors--like a tribe of angry female tarzans. by the look of it, my assumption is that the movie was made for under $49.95--including developing costs and paying for rental of the gorilla suit! but, what i didn't expect was an imdb score of 4.9. this is poor, but not that poor considering that this is a schlock production in every possible sense and there is no conceivable reason why the film is rated that high! now i am not saying the film isn't worth seeing--it's campy and stupid enough to make enjoyable viewing--particularly with friends. just don't expect anything resembling a professionally made or competent film.<br /><br />finally, here's a smattering of the dialog from this jungle classic:<br /><br />"oolama like strong white man. oolama want strong white man..."<br /><br />"oonga-bunga" <br /><br />"me-te-tonga....no,....keeel ('kill') man"the plot has something about white hunters captured by a tribe of white women in the african jungle/ plains.its a turkey and the some. what it really is is wildly mismatched footage from early sound and silent films mixed with badly shot recent(to the release) footage of men on a safari. there are scenes of a man in a gorilla suit, south seas natives at sea (used to represent people in the middle of africa), women in bikini's, horrible narration and a guy in a loin cloth with make up all over his body (racially insensitive i think so). this is a movie to sit and make fun of- but only with lots of alcoholic drinks and witty friends. at any other time this is going to be a chore to get through. its a bad bad bad movie. beyond that i'm speechlessabysmal pulp adventure exploitation in the jungle woman genre. lousy audio thankfully obscures the dumb dialog. and it's awfully talky for a movie about people who don't speak english. there's no adventure to be found here; it's a jungle adventure with cliffhangers and one wild animal attack that happens in flashback.<br /><br />three pale-face dopes wander the african wilderness and encounter warring man-hungry tribes of amazons. these wild women have advanced out of the stone age only so far as to invent makeup, shoes, and underarm hair removal technology. despite their desperation for "hus-bahnd," the ladies insist that they will fight the men and burn the weaker ones.<br /><br />the only thing of interest, as if there were any question, is the assortment of young women clad in animal skins cleverly designed like the bathing suits of 1951. plenty of wrestling and bad dancing mixed with stripless 1950s stripper moves. no nudity or appreciable violence. on the other hand, you may be humming the catchy native song for days.the camals are coming is a rather disappointing british comedy from 1934. i purchased this because i like desert adventures and states on the box that it is a drama. it certainly isn't.<br /><br />it is about a couple who head for egypt to capture some desert drug smugglers.<br /><br />this would have been much better if it had been done as a drama instead of a comedy, which lets it down a lot. it is quite silly in parts. depsite this, there are some good action and location scenes.<br /><br />the cast is lead by jack hulbert with anna lee as the love interest.<br /><br />one viewing is enough for this movie. overall, a disappointment.<br /><br />rating: 2 stars out of 5.i have seen both the mst3k version and the uncut version. i rather enjoyed it. either way, it wasn't that bad of a movie. sure it moved a bit slow at times. i liked it.<br /><br />as far as mst3k goes, they only did the movies they could get the rights for. not all the movies they ripped apart where bad movies, it was just so easy to make fun of them. take soultaker for example.<br /><br />joe estevez and robert z'dar's characters where so inanimate and boringly silly i couldn't help but laugh. i couldn't take them seriously. it really created a unique feeling though.<br /><br />vivian schilling did an excellent job with the script. a world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today. her role was played well. not too screamy not to masculine but just right. the camera really likes her in this movie. i would have casted her in that role after ready the script.<br /><br />anyways, this movie deserves a bit more credit than it is given. please watch the uncut version if you see the mst3k. it deserves that much.first of all, since i'm one of the people who never saw the mst3k chopped up version of this movie, i can't comment on that.<br /><br />however, i did see the original version of this movie on the sci-fi channel and i thought it was just as good as anything else on that channel. in fact, i thought it was one of their better offerings.<br /><br />i've noticed in perusing the comments here that the people who write in detail about soultaker with a modicum of intelligence, thoughtfulness and maturity tend to like at least a few things about this movie and rightly so. in it's original cut, most reasonable people i think would probably rate it at least 4 or 5 stars out of 10. five is average to me and i think this movie is about average for a sci fi pic.<br /><br />in contrast to the above, i've also noticed that the reviewers who seem immature, dull and flip and as a result come off as boneheads from where i stand, are the same ones who can't find anything good about this movie and basically trash it without cause based mostly on seeing it chopped up and fricasseed on mst3k. or if they have seen both cuts it seems they were greatly prejudiced by the mst3k viewing to begin with.seems to me that joe estevez spends most of his time hidden under the shadow of his rather successful brother and appearing in really bad movies. joe spends most his time walking around dressed in black and looking quite moody. he takes orders from a puffy faced angel of death, who you might recognize as the puffy faced villain from tango & cash and as the puffy faced cyborg from future war. well, joe and puffy have a job to do and it involves taking some souls of some kids in a big car being driven by a dumb galloot who questions led zeppelin. well, the car crashes and the chase is on. the lucky kids to escape joe look like tonya harding and rick springfield. they're chased around town, break things and tonya gets leered at by her mom while she's undressing for a bath. the action winds up at a hospital where we learn that heaven is an elevator ride away. in the end, some green lights flash, joe shouts and puffy vanishes without a trace. wish i could say the same for this movie. watch it from the relative safety of mst.that got destroyed quickly by the poor quality acting, cinematography, numerous pointless scenes and a terrible villain. well let's see joe estevez is bad (as usual) but he isn't the only casting problem, writer vivian schilling is no great actress, in fact, well she sucks. her script isn't so bad, it's just bad directed. in fact if the direction had been better and if better actors had been cast, this could have been a really good film.<br /><br /> but alas, with all of these problems "soultaker" fails to be even kind of passable as a horror movie, plus the pacing is just awful too.<br /><br /> the mst crew had some fun with this one but it definitely wasn't one of their better efforts. 5 for that, nothing for the original.first off, i've read the comments by the director further down and i'd like to thank him for offering his opinion. i've always wondered what the makers of the films lambasted on mst3k felt about their works being shredded (not to mention how best brains acquired the rights). rissi's comments make me curious, however, as to how much sci-fi could have cut the film to make it seem different (now i'm thinking i might rent it from netflix). of course, i've never seen the uncut, non-mst3k version of this film but even having seen it on mst3k, i never thought of it as a bad film or something unwatchable (though i did think it was a pretty funny mst3k episode); certainly not, as pearl describes it, "skin-peelinging awful"; not after seeing the likes of "future war" and "hobgoblins." <br /><br />as far as cutting the film, it's been done before on mst3k, at least once. case in point: the joe don baker flick, mitchell, in which the subplot involving john saxon's character is cut in the mst3k version, yet joel and the bots comment on saxon's absence after his appearance in the beginning of the movie. if i may submit a criticism of mst3k, if you need to cut the film for time considerations, fine, but be fair to the film being cut (even if it is a film as lousy as mitchell). of course, such criticism is rather pointless what with the show being over, but i think that aspect of the show was kind of unfair. but anyway, if it's the case with soultaker, it gets my sympathies. <br /><br />still, i maintain that it's an enjoyable mst3k episode though the movie itself, even the version that's been "hacked" in mst3k, is no where near terrible. <br /><br />as a final note, in a weird coincidence or perhaps a case of synchronicity, i happened to watch the hudsucker proxy the day soultaker aired and wouldn't you know it, the guy who played vivian schelling's father had a bit part in that movie; one of his three other credited roles, actually. i thought that was kind of weird.i must admit, i was against this movie from the outset but i tried my hardest to be impartial, i really did, but the very idea of remaking a sophisticated, witty, entertaining, quirky british classic full of character has to be dubious from the outset.<br /><br />people in my house were watching this so i swallowed my pride and told myself to be professional about films (i have studied them at uni after all).<br /><br />as expected for an american film of this sort, the movie began with a chase which wasn't bad. indeed, many of the action sequences are credible and this alone lifts the mark.<br /><br />yet the characterisation was abysmal, the set-pieces could very easily have been spliced from any american schlock blockbuster you might have had the misfortune to watch and it lacked all character.<br /><br />seeming to take a skewed angle on the original film with a failed initial robbery, the us version does the predictable thing and introduces an emotional factor with the death of donald sutherland's character. this allows our us cousins plenty of opportunity for sycophantic, dewy-eyed vengeance-seeking against the 'evil-doers' which it milks to predictable excesses. this is never more so evident as in the scenes featuring charlize theron (oh pretty! oh so pretty! look at her pretty, wounded bambi eyes, everyone!) which were thoroughly nauseating. her entrance scene, particularly, was like something out of resident evil or tomb raider which were both a) more entertaining and b) had better beginnings because they couldn't mess up a game like they could with british cinema which was already chock-full of spark, people you genuinely feel something for and moments of inspiration. but i digress, the whole inclusion of a pretty girl for the sake of it just seems like the most ham-fisted manoeuvre i've seen in some time and exposes cynical hollywood blockbuster-lust for what it is.<br /><br />if you like any of these actors, by the way, and you agree with any of the above comments, do not go to see this film! if i had the opportunity of watching 'fight club' or 'american history x' after seeing ed norton in this, i would have declined. likewise jason statham with 'lock stock' (and i suppose 'the transporter' is okay if you like that sort of thing).<br /><br />sadly, all the set-pieces are designed in the most transparent possible way to get you thinking, 'wow! he's smart!', 'coo! he's cool!', 'hey! what a tough guy!'. then there's the 'funny pc guy' who has 'comic relief' splattered across his forehead but whose humour content can be anticipated two minutes in advance. to be honest, if you've seen one or two films like it, you might easily confuse the two as clones from the jerry bruckheimer stable. not that jerry is irredeemably awful, by the way, but he just uses the clichã©s to excess as everyone knows (or should).<br /><br />this is where i have to come clean. i didn't manage to make it to the end, so i couldn't even say whether the brilliant ending in the michael caine version made it but, i'm sorry, it's just one of those extremely rare films that, if i'd seen it at a cinema, i would have walked out and staged a small protest outside. it's not just that it is another identical by-the-numbers ocean's 14 or something (ocean's eleven was fine but don't bother with the rest!) with all the glitz, glamour, fake sass and pantomime heroics of such a film but i couldn't recognise anything from the original at all.<br /><br />so, if you are expecting 'the italian job' and not 'ocean's 14' albeit badly written with a less established cast and characters, some disingenuous elements and cardboard cut-out script-writing then do not watch! i don't mind people liking a bit of mindless fun but this is a criminal hatchet-job that does not deserve in any way to parade itself under the title of a classic. seriously, show some pride! i felt thoroughly justified in my outraged and sickened reaction when i first heard that the film would be made. avoid at all costs!<br /><br />p.s. some of the action sequences aren't bad at all so add an extra '1' to the mark if you like this sort of thing.low budget horror movie. if you don't raise your expectations too high, you'll probably enjoy this little flick. beginning and end are pretty good, middle drags at times and seems to go nowhere for long periods as we watch the goings on of the insane that add atmosphere but do not advance the plot. quite a bit of gore. i enjoyed bill mcghee's performance which he made quite believable for such a low budget picture, he managed to carry the movie at times when nothing much seemed to be happening. nurse charlotte beale, played by jesse lee, played her character well so be prepared to want to slap her toward the end! she makes some really stupid mistakes but then, that's what makes these low budget movies so good! i would have been out of that place and five states away long before she even considered that it might be a good idea to leave! if you enjoy this movie, try committed from 1988 which is basically a rip off of this movie.this crock of doodoo won a award? they must have been desperate for giving out an award for something. this movie reeks of teeny bopper stuff and it made me sick. thankfully i watched it alongside mst3k's mike and the bots so it made it bearable. horrid acting, unsettling mother/daughter moment, silly premise, if you want a bad movie here it is. be warned though watch it with mike and the bots or you will suffer.<br /><br />1 out of 10. i still can't believe it won an award, and the director is defending this *&&^$$#$^&& piece of ^%^%$^$#%@$#@ movie!it's the sooooouullltakaaaa!<br /><br />wow. what a skin peeling bad movie. honestly, this is one of my favorite episodes of mst3k.... just some things to point out...<br /><br />1) the incestuous lesbian mother-daughter exchange was weird. i do need counseling now.<br /><br />2) there is no god, there is just dude.. i love that quote from crow.<br /><br />3) whatever did happen to the nuns that took the bus home, will we ever know? i have a horrible emptiness in my stomach.<br /><br />4) lastly, don't watch this movie un-mstied... it has joe estevez as the main star.. yikes..<br /><br />1/10 for un-mstied 8/10 for mstied.but at least this movie got what it deserved - to be sent to the satellite of love to be ridiculed on by mike, tom servo, and crow t. robot from pearl forrester on "mystery science theater 3000!" "soultaker" is one of those long lost, forgotten movies that are so bad you'll be guaranteed to have nightmares or depression later on in life. even though the movie is not that old, it's still a very forgotten type of movie. if it had never been for the intelligent minds at "mystery science theater 3000," the movie would not only seem like it was never made, but the movie wouldn't be very enjoyable by us moviegoers.<br /><br />in real life: this movie is really bad. in the satellite of love: this movie is excellent!the plot of this movie is dangerously thin and the only "star power" if we can call it that consists of joe estevez. i don't know what is more shocking. the fact that this movie was made or the fact that some people actually gave good comments about it. if you ever see the cover of the video you'll be able to read them. someone even went as far as saying that the actress/writer could be the leading lady of the 90's. yeah! and joe estevez could have more money than his brother martin. if you want to check it out anyways i highly recommend watching the mts version of it. at least you'll laugh a lot without going insane.soultaker was written by and starred vivian schilling. it also starred joe estevez, gregg thomsen, and robert d'zar as the angel of death.<br /><br />the story begins with introduction to soultaker, played by joe estevez. we quickly learn what soultaker's role will be in this movie.<br /><br />next the college aged young people are getting ready for a summer festival, aptly named "summerfest". in this film, the battle of the classes is omni-present throughout the film. the girls come from a wealthy class, and the guys come from roughly middle or lower class. the class roles seem to play a role in the film for some reason which isn't really clear or pertinent to the story.<br /><br />at summerfest we learn more about the apparent class struggles of why zach isn't encouraged to date natalie. soultaker makes an appearance as well, with apparently his boss the angel of death. here d'zar's character points out who is to die and who's souls are to be taken. it's revealed as well, that soultaker will have a character conflict regarding natalie, and how he deals with her because of someone in his past.<br /><br />meanwhile natalie is ditched by her ride to summerfest, and zach convinces her to ride home with them. during the ride home, soultaker takes an active role causing them to wreck horribly at high speeds.<br /><br />the rest of the story surrounds the soultaker collecting the souls of the dead passengers, and zach and natalie trying to outwit him to return to their bodies so they can continue to live. the class and character conflicts lay in the story, but are really never brought to the forefront or resolved.<br /><br />there's an attempt towards the end to drag out some of the drama, there's a lot of chasing and running which does tend to be really boring. it's not really acceptable, and it would've been nice had this been dealt with differently, somehow to maybe increase the drama but not bore the audience.<br /><br />the story and acting are decent. the soundtrack is ok, and even the production values are good.<br /><br />robert d'zar in his brief on screen appearances does a nice job as the angel of death. joe estevez does ok, however sometimes his role acting a bit flat. vivian is pretty and does a decent job as natalie, although perhaps over acting a bit in a few scenes.<br /><br />this may sound odd, but this movie definitely could've benefited from some pointless nudity. vivian teases us a bit but that wasn't enough.<br /><br />in my opinion this was a pretty serious attempt at making a movie. the results, it's worth watching. just don't expect a perfect production.<br /><br />3/10the film soultaker is essentially an older form final destination in which several car wrecked teens have their souls separated from their bodies and must cheat death who is chasing them... the film has its moments, and its concepts, the idea of disoriented souls being separated from their bodies is a pretty nifty idea... if this movie were remade with a few good actors/actresses and some awesome special effects it could turn out to be extremely awesome... as for the actual film, i recommend watching the mst3k version, the pure version might be too boring to sit through, unless you love bad movies staring martin sheen's brother...when a movie's claim to fame is that martin sheen's younger, less known brother stars in it, you know it's not gonna' be a real good one. "soultaker" is a low budget, silly film about a group of 20-something year olds being pursued by an angel of death. it's a stupid movie, but it is pretty entertaining, and even somehow slightly likable in it's stupidity.<br /><br />the plot in the film is very small, and it's stretched about as far as it possibly can be. joe estevez isn't much of an actor, so luckily for the audience, he has very few lines and his role in mostly just him walking. this movie really feels like it was trying to be a horror/fantasy franchise, considering it has the same plot layout as a slasher. 4 characters, each dies one at a time...will any live? who really cares. though it sounds like i hated this, i didn't. i just didn't like it very well, but i was interested through most of it, so i guess that counts for something.<br /><br />my rating: * 1/2 out of ****. 90 mins. pg-13 for language, violence and nudity.now i did watch this when it first came out on vhs, and all my friends and i thought it was a pretty good movie, but then again, we were teenagers. but honestly, not that good of a movie in retrospect. sort of a hair metal, dokken version of carnival of souls. but a bad movie does not exactly mean it is unwatchable; however, this one seems to lack the charm a lot of the regular mst3k fodder usually contains. but if it was on cable, and i was bored and drinking beer--sure, i'd watch it again. but then again, i've watched howling vii about five times now, so maybe you really shouldn't be listening to me.<br /><br />anyone else think it kind of sad that the director supposedly commented on his own movie? and why did he feel the urge to use caps lock so much?okay, to be fair this movie did have an interesting concept. given a few script rewrites, some decent actors and a budget, this might have been a fairly decent cult flick instead of the mst3k fodder it turned out to be.<br /><br />still, it was better than "armageddon."ok, i read the director's comment about this movie (featured as the 'frontmost comment'), and i have to admit that i can identify with his position.<br /><br />micheal, i hope your career recovered from this particular setback and you went on to other, better things. i've seen this movie in the mst3k form. even with all the chopped continuity and snotty remarks being tossed out by the robots, i saw a potentially decent movie with an ambitious set of ideas trying to struggle out from under the limited budget and limited actors available to it. and this is one of those films ("mitchell" is another) where the mst3k crew took a lot of cheap shots at the lead character even when she actually deserved better. you know they had some unfair fun at the actress' expense because it made for a livelier episode.<br /><br />imo, the fact that the movie actually tried to be about something, and had a few decent, effective moments here and there, should keep it out of the 'bottom 100' ("tangents/time chasers" is another movie with a plot and a heart that doesn't deserve to be there either).<br /><br />but it is still not a very good movie. i don't blame the writer/lead actress for being who she is. it's just that her acting and writing skills needed a few more years to mature before she could pull off a vanity project such as this or carry a feature film. the writing and characterization is amateurish and slapdash, and the dialog is often barely up to abc afterschool special standards. the cast sincerely gives it their best effort, and the acting in general is definitely head-and-shoulders above abortions like "future war" or "space mutiny", but there aren't any really professional level performances here, with the exception of 'big joe' estevez, who is hammy but suitably intense. i never saw the full original cut, but mst's sampling of "soultaker" was representative enough to make these facts plain.<br /><br />oh, and the film has robert z'dar in it. that is, imo, a real 'kiss of death' for any movie that hopes to be taken seriously. yes, he's big and scary looking in his role, but i just hate the guy as an actor. (in real life, i wish him well and hope he is financially comfortable).<br /><br />there were little things i liked about the film. for instance, the camaraderie between the male lead and his dead buddy added some warmth and humor to the movie and made it a lot more watchable. the idea of an elevator in the hospital that opened its doors to the afterlife was an inspired way to invoke some spooky vibes without springing for special effects, and i respected whoever worked that into the script in attempt to keep the budget manageable. it didn't really work, but it might have with just a little more tweaking.<br /><br />so anyway, mr. rissi, better luck with your other projects - your involvement with this misfire wouldn't keep me from watching something else you did if the 'buzz' was good. and ms. miller has nothing to be ashamed of - she was young and ambitious, and the movie wasn't that bad.this is a woeful hollywood remake of a classic british film. everything that made the original "italian job" entertaining has been bled out of this festering sore of a movie "scripted" by donna and wayne powers and listlessly "directed" by f gary gray. i am amazed that troy kennedy martin (the screenwriter of the original film) allowed his name to be used in the credits for this pig's ear. martin has worked on some of the finest film and tv projects of the last 40-odd years. even being vaguely associated with this stinker is not a good thing.<br /><br />the humour is forced, the drama is laboured, all the characters are cookie-cutter likable crims (with the exception of charlize theron's implausible, beautiful safe cracker/rally driver)and the plot only matches the original on the following points:<br /><br />(1) three minis (the modern bmw-made versions, but minis nonetheless)<br /><br />(2) use of the names croker and bridger for 2 of the main characters<br /><br />(3) disrupting a city's traffic control system to provide a safe route through it.<br /><br />(4) er, that's it.<br /><br />otherwise, what you get is a bland and implausible american by-the-numbers heist movie in which a gang of jolly pirate chums eventually get the better of their evil associate. believe me, it feels like an awful long time before they do. the cast do their best with what they're given but it seems that they all accepted it as a turd-polishing exercise after reading the script. none of the original film's quirky nature and distinctly british flavour has survived being fed into the hollywood hamburger machine. <br /><br />do yourself a favour and watch the original 1969 movie instead of this sucking chest wound. it's a wonder that noel coward hasn't done an aunt nelly, jumped out of his grave and kicked the teeth of everyone involved in this tepid remake halfway down their throats.<br /><br />italian job? more like italian jobbie.ok, i saw this film through mystery science theater 3000, but i did see the movie, so i figured i would leave a comment on it. i just love once again how joe gets stuck with the crummy roles while his brother and nephew's are just getting the oscar winning roles left and right. soultaker is technically what you would call the movie that was meant to be good. it seemed like the director and actors just took this movie extremely seriously and had very cheesy effects, a story that didn't make much sense, and not to mention pretty crummy acting abilities. this is one of my favorite mst3k episodes, simple because a lot of what they mention is what we are thinking throughout the film and i'll explain why in a moment.<br /><br />natalie and zach are a couple who broke up and are now trying to work things over. but since zach is in upper lower class and natalie is in middle class, it just ain't gonna work. but on the way home, they and zach's friends get into a car accident and now the angel of death/soultaker is after them to meet his quota of soultaking. but also it seems like he's had some kind of other life relationship with natalie and just can't seem to move on. so now natalie and zach must race against the ever appearing five million times a minute clock to save their souls and lives.<br /><br />well, i guess zeppelin was wrong when he sang that there was a stairway to heaven, i wonder if black sabbith was wrong too, lol. basically there are a lot of plot holes in this movies, like no one can see the characters and they can't be killed, yet somehow they can still press buttons and open doors? the angel of death had a very strange face and was a bit distracting from the story itself. soultaker was just a lousy film that was rushed and makes you just feel so bad for joe, the under-appreciated sheen/estovez brother.<br /><br />2/10that's how i was when i walked (staggered) out of this "film". i couldn't leave, because it was at a film festival and the cinema was full of people. i was stuck in the middle. trapped.<br /><br />the tiny fragment of original footage which attempted to bind this film together features some of the worst acting ever to grace the big screen. the daughter was a stand out performance - stand out in the bad sense.<br /><br />thge cinematography was hideous, consisting of disjointed framing and some of the oddest lighting i've witnessed.<br /><br />as for the stock footage... well at first one...<br /><br />wait.<br /><br />why am i reviewing this film? why do i acknowledge its existence? please, don't watch it. do something useful with two hours of your life and go watch some paint dry.take your video camera, turn out all the lights in your house and film people running around with flashlights for an hour and a half and you've got the basic idea of what this film looks like. it is very irritating to watch this kind of movie. to be fair, there are scenes of daylight at the very beginning and very end of the movie. i like scary movies and creature features but this one just didn't do a thing for me. so sorry. i really tried to like it. there didn't seem to be much of a plot other than we've got to find a way out of here. didn't learn too much about any of the characters so it didn't matter if we lost one or two along the way. this isn't the worst movie in the world. "open water" holds that title for now.i totally agree. this is "pitch black underground" and a well worn plot. the best scenes i thought were the divers exploring the caves, going through impossible subterranean passageways, some of them were heart pounding. the scenery was great. had they dispensed with the staple "alien" toothy cgi badboys entirely the movie would have been much better. all they would have had to do is never show any monsters at all but have everyone wondering, and follow jack's descent into madness, and this might have been a top rate hitchcock-style thriller, maybe award material. the acting isn't bad. but those rubber bats just reduce it to standard fare.the movie "the cave" has got to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen. there was no plot, no story-line, and the lighting was terrible. for most of the movie, i was unable to make sense of the scenery as it was being highlighted by flashlights. the persistent 'grey' spaces throughout the movie were irksome. the only scene that really came through clearly was in the cavern lit by what appeared to be a bad simulation of the conditions to be found in hell. all in all, the movie was not really worth watching. if the producers cannot come up with something better than this, they should find another occupation. the underwater scenes were particularly awful, being mostly made up of bubbles and flashlights, with the occasional look at the actors. in summation, a really awful movie with bad lighting, extraneous flashes throughout.i can't help but forget that incredible scene in alien, when the extra terrestrial burst out of one of the men's chest. or even in predator when the invisible monster snuck upon the bewildered soldiers and cut them to pieces. both these movies expressed fascinating ideas on the run-of-the-mill creature feature. back track to the era of cheesy b-movies and watch big men in phony suits parading around killing people in small towns. now recognize that the two movies above revolutionized this genre. the cave does nothing to improve on it. it tries nothing new, and worst of all, the cave doesn't even have good gore. shame on them, shame on them all. <br /><br />parading around in sexy spandex are the one-dimensional characters of the cave. all of which seem to not care when they witness the death of their colleagues. they just stroll along, unbeknownst to the evil creature lurking in the darkness. the plot is very easy to understand. so you got the two brothers, the black guy and the sexy female scientist. the rest (by the rest i mean all of those meet grisly demises) are even more unexciting then the others. we have the korean assistant, the risky outdoor chick, a russian scientist and two divers, both lacking a sense of emotion and are stupid enough to wander off by themselves. this movie exceeds to be extremely clichã©d, since everybody but the black guy, one of the brothers and the female scientist meet an end. it also seems only americans can survive the terror, since the russian and the korean die. don't be offended if i give away details. there's no real surprise anyway.<br /><br />to be straight forward they find this cave. they go in the cave. they get stuck in the cave. they start dying in the cave. one of them gets infected in the cave. more die in the cave. they get out of the cave; only to discover that one of them has a parasite that will turn them into a ghastly monster, which really doesn't seem to bother them. that's the simplicity of the lackluster plot. it doesn't even try to be original. it even has the part where they decide their leader isn't capable and split up. we have just seen this way to many times before.<br /><br />i know in a movie like this, people don't care about the performances but it's worth mentioning how bad they were. everyone is just so dreary. cole hauser was especially unsophisticated and don't get me started on eddie cibrian, who is frequently a lot better. morris chestnut is hands down the best thing in the movie. his performance is actually decent. he portrays the guy who calms everybody down. all the other actors are average at best. in a show like this, that's really not a bad thing.<br /><br />now to the reason we go to this genre of film; the action, of course. well, to my regret, the action was dull. the death scenes are all boring, hell the whole movie was. there is barely any blood at all. it's either they disappear and found later or they are attack and die without a bruise. seeing the koreans man's death was the only exciting action i could find. <br /><br />it's pretty amazing. the bad things over shadow most of the things that are good. a good example is to say the special effects were well done, which they were. the only thing wrong is that since everything takes place in a cave, it's going to be dark. i found it extremely hard to distinguish between the cave walls and the monsters. so it was pretty hard to even see the creatures. although i liked the special effects, there was nothing original about the monsters. they all resembled each other and they weren't frightening at all.<br /><br />the cave marks the directorial debut for bruce hunt. i don't see what he was trying to accomplish by making this film. he obviously made a huge mistake. almost everything about this movie stunk like a stink bomb. a stink bomb is probably even more pleasurable than watching this mess again. only the most forgiving moviegoer will find this forgivable. i gave up all hope in the middle of the film when i heard the phrase "what the hell was that", for the third time."the cave" got released more or less simultaneously with the english film "the descent", directed by neil marshall. both movies share a similar premise; only "the cave" is dreadfully unoriginal, unexciting and incompetent compared to the splendid horror adventure that is "the descent". it feels like neil marshall realized that the basic story was too poor and instantly added ingenious ideas, depth and a personalized style, whereas "the cave"-director bruce hunt simply went for the most rudimentary elaboration of the screenplay that was thrown on his desk. the result is an unbelievably mediocre film that features every single horror clichã© you can think of and in which most of the violence happens off-screen. and we all hate that, don't we? the story introduces a clique of insufferable cave-divers that become trapped in a completely undiscovered romanian underground ecosystem. hideous winged creatures, that also happen to be parasites, soon attack them and escape seems impossible due to a landslide. the first half hour is still mildly entertaining if you keep yourself busy with spotting all the clichã©s and listening to the cheesy textbook dialogs, but the whole thing just gets too dire. none of the events are even slightly plausible and it looks like the entire cast is competing with each other to deliver the worst performance. i've seen better special effects in anonymous b-movies already, the filming locations aren't used to the fullest and the ending downright sucks! very much not recommended!some sciencey people go down in a cave for some reason and there's some sort of creature that's killing them.<br /><br />i usually give a more detailed plot, but i wasn't paying too much attention to this. overall, it was dull and the only time you'll be really paying attention is during the action scenes, which the director did wonderful on.<br /><br />the acting is alright, but the characters are so dull and forgettable they blend in your mind. you'll forget who lived and who died for 2 reasons: 1. the kills are boring 2. the characters are boring.<br /><br />the ending might have shocked me more if i knew who was who.<br /><br />so you're looking for a creatures-in-cave movie? check out the descent instead.its perhaps unfair of me to comment on this film , because , for the first time ever , i switched off a movie because it was so bad. i can watch anything , but this movie was so very boring. i was bored before i put on the dvd and thought this might be a laughable action horror/ action movie to lighten the mood. it is not even that , it is a device which increases the level of boredom by the power of 100. had to switch it off after 45 minutes because all that had happened in that time was some people had been scuba diving , and a big mole had been discovered. seriously , this movie is not worth the time, even if you can enjoy a bad movie like i can , avoid this film like the plague.worst thing i have seen in years.dire! dismal! awful! laughable! disappointing!<br /><br />right, your trapped in "the cave" with several "hard" men and a woman or two, your being systematically killed by "something" and you still don't get to hear any naughty grown up words!!! a 15 cert' here in england, and you could tell!<br /><br />the egos of the "macho men" was just too much, pass the bucket i'm going to be sick.<br /><br />this movie should never be exposed to daylight and ironically, be kept in the darkest, deepest hole in the ground and be forgotten forever. i have a feeling that this description isn't the first time to pop its his head from a hole in the ground.<br /><br />just like the film the cube, it looked like a good concept but was just let down at the last post by, well its self.<br /><br />this comment contains spoilers alright, its called the cave.<br /><br />thanks bruce.a ridiculous, badly acted mini cooper infomercial. includes cameos from pepsi, dell, etc. <br /><br />absolutely nothing worth rescuing here. particularly bad are donald sutherland, the music score, scene transitions, etc. an embarrassing production.<br /><br />hey, they should pay you for watching this one.the mission to see the movie "the cave" was a dream of a friend of mine after witnessing the highly dramatic trailer, full of flashes of a creature lurking in a cave, some young cave divers, and not much else. it's too bad that the movie didn't change much more than the trailer did.<br /><br />the immediate allure of a movie like this is the creature. what's he going to look like? why does he live in a cave? how is this one supposed to be different from the other creatures we've been shown in movies like alien and predator and the relic? the cave "demons" do not look far from the skeletal creature in alien: resurrection and even has the sight of predator. shame that's a total ripoff...<br /><br />well, let's look at the plot: very confusing and jumps to more and more totally improbable twists as a team of cave divers is sent to find a cave and its dwellers in the carpathian mountains. the casting was very much clear that we want young, hip, tough chicks, chiseled guys, and the girls who have brains also have to be hot. we also have to have one of every racial background in case the audience thinks that the film-makers are biased to a certain viewpoint. totally been done, and i'm totally tired of it.<br /><br />the other main problem was the ending, as if to say there might be a sequel. plase shoot me if there is one. the tagged on ending made me wretch.<br /><br />i gave this movie 3/10 stars. the points that it did get were more or less appreciation points towards the creature-builders for their high-quality job spent on the costuming and design for the monsters who dwell within, even when they looked totally ripped off. and there's an interesting (yet labored) documentary on the dvd on underwater cave diving. go check it out only if you love new creations of monsters and creatures, but be warned that you've probably seen this movie before, and it was better the first time.i think that most people would agree with me if i were to say that the movie alien pretty much set the bar for atmosphere. i've seen quite a few movies match that bar but none have ever exceeded alien's eerie tunnels and darkened halls. the cave is a film that tries very hard to reset the bar. i believe the trailer even mentioned something about being as scary as alien yet not once throughout the movie did i ever feel even the slightest bit scared, or thrilled for that matter.<br /><br />so now that we got the ball of negativity rolling i might as well explain why the cave's main hook (the atmosphere in case you weren't paying attention) fizzled into a waste of my time. i'll say right now that most of the sets were gorgeous and nicely lit but what we hear and what we know is there tend to ruin what we see. the music for one is terrible. we either get corny rock music or over exaggerated haunted house music. okay maybe that's pushing it a bit but i couldn't bear it. the many underwater scenes were bad enough (it's a well-known fact that underwater scenes are always boring as hell) i didn't need rock music blaring in my ears while they were simply swimming through a cave. this actually produced a lot of unintentional laughter that was then amplified by the following watercraft crash scene.<br /><br />anyway as i already mentioned, it wasn't just the music that killed the atmosphere, heck no. the creatures hiding amongst the darkness are supposed to invoke horror. i'm supposed to be worried that they are going to appear and merely a glimpse of them is supposed to make my blood turn cold. the cave does wisely take a page from the alien handbook by not showing the entire creature for very long and leading up to the reveal with only glimpses but it just doesn't work because the creatures are so lame. i guess it would be rude to spoil the specifics but they are basically the aliens with wings.<br /><br />i guess you get the point by now. atmosphere ruined. yet i know plenty of people who will still see a movie if it's exciting. i'd like to say that about the cave but i'd be lying. this movie is slow to get to the action and once we get there we sort of wonder when the thing is going to finally call it a day. we've seen all this done better before with the exception of a few neat scenes (the guy impaled on stalactites, the eel and the rapids) so you really don't get any thrills from watching people running from uninspired alien knockoffs in endless tunnels.<br /><br />ah but no the pain doesn't end there. we must also take the characters and acting into account. well i can't remember a single line of dialogue other than "run!" and the only character's name i can remember is jack but that's only because it's placed in almost every other line near the end of the movie. perhaps the actors were capable but the script didn't allow them to do anything other then run and argue. they had almost no background and whenever somebody died they simply shrugged it off. it's pretty sad when you consider that the cgi eel puts on the best performance in the film.<br /><br />speaking of cgi; there's plenty of it, most of which is terrible. i do commend them on using suits (at least i think they were suits) but nothing truly meshes with the environment and as a result most of the effects end up looking pretty hokey.<br /><br />so i guess to wrap it up, the cave is bad and has very little going for it. had the film been a scifi channel premiere movie or low budget direct to video release i might have a bit more love for it but this film was a theatrical release. with more wit and talent this might have been a frighteningly fun movie but as it stands this film is about as scary as going into the basement and that's not very good.<br /><br />my review from frider waves: http://friderwaves.com/index.php?page=cavemixed group of "experts" (explorers, divers and scientists) venture a mile underground and go another 2.4 miles underwater to a spot even more remote, where they find salamanders, giant albino moles (??) and some big, razor-fanged, winged, computer generated creatures lurking about. the cave is sealed off by a rockslide and then the monsters attack and start killing everyone off as they search for an exit. and that's all she wrote with this low-aiming effort that even fails to combine action, science fiction and horror on the most elementary of levels. imagine if someone gave the folks at the sci-fi channel 30 million dollars to make a monster movie. that's precisely what the cave is like; almost startling in its ineptitude at times, full of clichã©s and almost entirely dependent on the special effects to entertain. the only difference is they had more money to build sets, more money to polish up the monsters and more money to hire supposedly professional actors who give awful performances anyway. otherwise, it's business as usual. some of these movies are still fun to watch. this one is not and there are loads of reasons why: <br /><br />1.) it takes itself far too seriously and has no sense of humor whatsoever. so you get a completely unoriginal and predictable movie that doesn't even recognize how unoriginal and predictable it is. <br /><br />2.) the opening sequence serves no purpose whatsoever other than killing a few minutes and adding to the redundancy.<br /><br />3.) unoriginal looking cgi creatures are not impressing anyone in this day and age. <br /><br />4.) utilizing shakycam and quick-cut editing for your horror scenes is simply lazy, unimaginative film-making. and why further obscure the action by making things too dark and adding annoying distractions, such as fire and explosion of bubbles? it makes these scenes not only difficult to see, but also impossible to enjoy even on a no-brainer action level.<br /><br />5.) even though it wants you take to it seriously, the script is full of clichã©s, the dialogue is awful and there's no attempt whatsoever at characterization. casting 25-year-old-looking model types in roles as brilliant scientists and gruff veteran explorers might provide some eye candy but it completely kills the credibility of a movie that otherwise plays out completely straight. sorry, you can't have it both ways.<br /><br />6.) there were two exceptions to the model rule, as they did decide to cast an old guy and an average looking joe. these were the first two characters killed off. <br /><br />7.) for a little diversity, they also squeezed in a black guy and a chinese guy. strangely, neither are given much of a voice in this film and basically stand in the background as whitey discusses what their next move will be. insulting. <br /><br />8.) furthermore, how many movies have to be made where a black character sacrifices his life at the very end just to ensure hot white female lead and hot white male lead end up together at the end? ugh. give me a break already.<br /><br />9.) much of the acting was horrible. cole hauser's performance was completely laughable. the other male lead looked like he just walked off the set of a soap opera and coasted by using the patented dimpled-smile-makes-all-the-ladies-swoon technique, which is the pg-13 gender-switch equivalent to my-large-breasts-make-all-the-guys-swoon technique often used by ladies in r-rated films. either way, his performance was completely phoned in. daniel dae kim (from the tv series "lost") and piper perabo also stunk up the room with their stilted and monotone line delivery.<br /><br />10.) was the ending a joke? absolutely terrible. please god, we do not need a sequel to this garbage.<br /><br />so basically i wouldn't bother with this one, unless you've never seen a monster movie before or if you're just really desperate and the only other thing on is "the simple life." the sets were good, the blue-tinted photography is ok and a few of the actors (lena headey, marcel iures...) tried their best, so i decided to boost the rating up one notch to a "2."i rented this film from blockbust because of the cover and title! sounded intriguing!! this movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense. the "monsters" needed more face time. we needed them to have some sort of special power and definitely more "oh sh--" moments. the photography didn't bother me except for the scene where a re-breather blows up. there were too many close ups. but other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom. overall, i would say everyone put in a lot of time even the writers. but this movie is definitely a below average rent.<br /><br />there are definitely better picks. i would recommend anacondas 1 or 2 over this pick.how unfortunate, yet also fortunate, that two films about pot-holing -the cave and the descent - should arrive at much the same time. sadly for the descent its release in the uk on 7th of july coincided with the very day of the london underground tube/metro terrorist atrocity that killed almost 60 and injured hundreds - not a particularly good night/weekend to pop out to the cinema, especially to see a scary-as-sheesh film about likable women being trapped in a deep, dark, claustrophobic underground caving system. the two movies have virtually the same elements - a half dozen or so characters, lost in a previously unexplored caving system, with no-one outside aware they are trapped down there. lots of water, caverns, danger... then ultimately some vicious human-like or human-derived creatures determined to prey upon them. where the two are so different is that the cave is unreal, entirely unbelievable, more alien-esquire sci-fi fantasy adventure than horror, or drama. the comparatively minuscule-budgeted british film (filmed in southern england though set in the appalachians) is five-pair-of-pants terrifying, a heart-stopping shocker so stomach turning that people walk out of screenings early in shock. it knocks off the girls in any old order - you genuinely have no idea what to expect next - surely not her! the descent is also lit in naturalistic manner, making it all the more scary, unlike the laughably lit cave which resembles a giant magical christmas santa's grotto, with cathedral-sized room after room dazzling in gloriously blue light from... who knows where, while the cavers torches are employed exclusively in artistically lighting up the granite-jawed heroes (each more puppet-like than any team america / gerry anderson / thunderbirds creation). fantastic amounts of equipment are carried too, yet despite this the impossibly deep-voiced actors clearly forgot to pack any sense of impending danger, drama, or anything worthy of a horror film - it's strictly pg rated. and in this instance the actors peg out in exactly the order that everyone expects them to - i quickly wrote a list after being introduced to each character, only getting piper perabo out of sequence. the cave script is entirely by-numbers, unlike shakespeare a room full of chimpanzees would eventually write it in under a week... take a typical exchange between the 'good buddy' white and black leads that goes; "how many times have we been in this situation before bud?" - "too many" (replies morris chesnut). i swear, you could hear my suburban london audience gasp at the obviousness. the scariest thing about the cave is that at the end there's a clear opening for 'the sequel' - 'the cave 2: overground' or whatever. be afraid, be very afraid... or instead catch the descent and be truly afraid, very very very afraid. rrthe scariest thing about this horror movie is that the end alludes to a sequel. 'the cave' is really a disappointing action movie. a team of cave and undersea researchers go to romania (one of these inexpensive places to make a movie, for now at least) and following a destroyed church enter in a cave that proves to be a realm of underground monsters. or are they daemons? the movie never decides if it wants to be action, science fiction, or horror, it is a mix of all without salt or fun, and acted in a wooden manner. the best thing about the movie is the cinematography, but even the dark landscape of the cave becomes soon boring, because the film lacks pace and the characters are simply not interesting. waste of time.i went to see this movie to kill some time. i remember cole hauser in "tigerland", and although his acting is wooden, he does portray a tough "leader" character. same here. this movie was about a bunch of young, hot scientists and divers exploring a cave in romania that one has to dive to see. the beginning scene was very interesting, with a bunch of romanian or russian men exploring the cave in search of booty. flash forward 30 years, and we have a team of divers called in by some scientist and his crew to explore some cave for some unknown scientific purpose. <br /><br />there is a lot of clichã©d, useless talk. the women are too hot for their jobs, let's face it. i hate to watch the lips of these women talk about the guys while drinking beer at the pre-cave exploration party. i mean it was like we were at some bar with frat and sorority types talking about the opposite sex--not a group of scientists and divers. every character had zero personality, with perhaps exception of the scientist, who at least wasn't one of the young and beautiful people. so, the acting, although workmanlike, was not inspiring. <br /><br />the dialog was pretty bad. at one point in the movie, cole hauser ("jack"), the lead diver--his irises morph into the cingular wireless symbol, and stay like that. we are led to believe that, since he was scratched by one of these monsters, that he is turning into one of them. fair enough. but first of all, nobody says the obvious thing to him: "what is up with your eyes, dude??" no. everybody just talked about how he's "changed" and that he should not be the leader of the group anymore. and then this guy says, "you see how he's not human". huh? if they really believed he was a friggin' monster, then why not act like it? instead, the group splits in two--those who go with jack, and those who go their separate ways, i guess thinking him to be a monster. it makes no sense.<br /><br />the best scene in the movie was this blonde diver woman crawls up a cave wall, and gets attacked by this goblin. her scream really sucked--but she fought like hell to dispatch the goblin.<br /><br />the photography was fine when the camera was still. but any action sequences, the director found it useful to confuse the hell out of us by flashing bubbles, flashlights, dark space, god knows what. i wish they would just show us a scene straight once in awhile. just because you move the camera all over the place doesn't make the movie any scarier, folks. <br /><br />this movie could have been a lot better if the following changes had been made:<br /><br />1. every actor was replaced by someone who looked real. let cole hauser be the lead, it's ok to let him be the good-looking one. i'm getting tired of seeing 20-something supermodel scientists. give me a break, people!<br /><br />2. the cinematographer was fired, and replaced by one who just pointed the camera and sat still. this could be the director's fault, i don't know. jumpy camera (as in constant gardener) is getting old, folks.<br /><br />3. we got to see the goblins actually devour the people. how bout some gore? there's not much else in this movie. we barely got to see the creatures--i felt a little ripped off about that. <br /><br />4. the ending was pretty lame. during the denouement, the sexy british scientist has a secret...guess what that is? it's a bit canned. the ending would have been better if they all died instead of the black guy (morris chestnut), who seemed to breathe a little sympathy into his character just by his worried expressions. all the other actors had no expression.<br /><br />i gave it a 4 out of 10, because after all, the acting was without noticeable errors, and the concept was fairly original. i'd like to see cole do more military roles--he's good at it.i though this film was okay.i din't think it was great.it was a bit too slow for my taste.lots of drama,but not very much action until close to the end of the film.this movie was basically a dramatic film,with the payoff,if you can call it that,not until near the end.to me,the scenes of the dam bursting and the water flooding the town,were okay,but much too brief.the film itself is done okay,the acting is decent,but it just didn't do it for me,in the long run.think it had something to do with the fact that there was very little suspense or tension built through the whole movie.at least that's what i think.the other factor is that i had just recently watched '10.5' and its sequel '10.5:apocalypse'.these are 2 big budget "event movies,which,in my opinion, are a very hard act to follow,in terms of special effects and scenes of destruction.as a result,i have to rate killer flood:the day the damn broke at 4/10right... so you have a dam, tons of water (that seems to flow really really slowly) and a small town that happens to be right underneath the dams path of destruction. throw in a profiteering glutton, an apparently mentally unstable and disgruntled architect and his son, and then to spice things up you add a weak plot and bad acting. all in all, when you have a look at this film from a paying customers point of view... i would feel extremely peeved off if this was a pay-per-view film. if you want a laugh... then you really need to watch this film.why can't there be better tv movies made i was at a loose end today and watched this film on a satellite channel in the uk. what a terrible waste of my time it was . poor sets, poor acting & oh my god what a terrible flood . blimey that woman can even outrun a torrent of water too!.<br /><br />i really wish that people would make tv movies using better effects, better or at least more believable plots & far better acting. killer flood is well up there with poor acting. a few bits of ham couldn't act any worse.<br /><br />1 final thing i really agree with the comment about the dog, but i believe it would of already scarpered in real life!well, how to start? i saw the italian job for the first time some years ago and visiting a rental shop i couldn't quite remember why i had a bad feeling about it. now i do.<br /><br />after voting for the ratings for this film i saw the statistics. apparently this film appeals most to under 18 girls. no wonder. they didn't pay enough to charlize to flash and i guess some girls magazine has rated mark wahlbergs abs "awesome".<br /><br />other than that this film is completely predictable, the actors are mainly forever b-stars and even the good ones are being misused horribly, the film is filled with obvious product placement and imagine this: it even manages to repeat itself without doing a sequel! the first 15 minutes are the best part of the film and it's all downhill from there and once they figured this out they decided to use the finest hour again in the end repeating-to-detail their gold heist. all in all, lots of noise about nothing.<br /><br />i think charlize theron is good and ed norton could be more as he's been before. apart from donald sutherland's "look, i'm here too" appearing in the beginning i'd say this movie ought to have a "pass if you're above 18" all over it.this movie doesn't even have the saving grace of being so bad that its good. it is truly appalling. its closer to a tongue-in-cheek parody than a disaster movie, but alas they were serious. made for tv, but not worthy of even that. it contains every clichã© and cheesy plot moment you can imagine. oh will he save the town from the flood? will his wife admit that she still loves him? will they escape before the flood drowns them? i cant explain how bad this is. awful predictable plot that makes you wince it is so cheesy. bad effects (although to be fair i have seen worse super-imposed bubbling water). bad script. woeful acting. hideous. so bad in fact that you probably should get drunk and watch it.when i first saw this movie i was literally rolling around on the floor laughing (especially when they were getting chased by the water, and when the guy drove through peoples gardens, i mean would it hurt to drive around the washing line?) the special effects! this movie clearly didn't have a big budget. either that or the guy left his toddler in charge of the controls. the water coming out of the damn looked like a close up of a can of beer that had fizzed up. what were the actors thinking? did they actually believe that it was a good movie? or did they just really need the money? not that they would've earned a lot. when i first saw this, i was like 'god, how old is this?' when i looked on the info about it and saw that it was made in 2003, i thought my tv was broken.<br /><br />this really is a disaster movie, in more ways than one.the director of this movie must have been mentally ill or even high ... when he accepted to direct this movie... ... i'd rather stare at my ceiling for 5 hours straight instead of being ... punished to watch that stupid movie ... my parents make me watch it as punishment...... ... don't watch it !!! the director of this movie must have been mentally ill or even high ... when he accepted to direct this movie... ... i'd rather stare at my ceiling for 5 hours straight instead of being ... punished to watch that stupid movie ... my parents make me watch it as punishment...... ... don't watch it !!! the director of this movie must have been mentally ill or even high ... when he accepted to direct this movie... ... i'd rather stare at my ceiling for 5 hours straight instead of being ... punished to watch that stupid movie ... my parents make me watch it as punishment...... ... don't watch it !!!even a awful 1 is to much for this film, everything form start to finish made you cringe. i don't think it would be possible to cram more overly clichã©d moments, into one piece of mind numbingly numbingly waste of film.<br /><br />prisoner cell block h meets thunderbirds, hell even virgil's expressions were more life like than his son.<br /><br />i haven't even finished watching this and i'm on here now.... oh no, the cheesy clapping of 3 actors and a backdrop done by a child with adobe premiere. this truly is the end of my "i've started so i'll finish watching it" phase.<br /><br />oh joy, the credits have come to rescue me. (and relax)this is one of those made-for-tv b movies that is so awful it kind of endears.<br /><br />bad acting, predictable script and cheesy special effects that were pretty much some of the cheapest tat seen make you have to keep watching to see if it gets any better.<br /><br />it doesn't!what a dreadful movie. the effects were poor, especially by todays standards, but that was forgivable. what was unforgivable was the terrible rehashing of every flood/dam breaks disaster movie ever made into this piece of trash. the acting was awful and i mean awful. the point in the story where michelle green stops to rescue a dog from the approaching torrent was hilarious. they see the water approaching and run for their lives. (by the way they had to find a very old fat dog so as to not make ms green look to unfit). they manage to outpace the water for some time before taking refuge. what speed! later, a speeding car is not fast enough to escape the torrent. god, she and that dog did run fast! if you want to watch a good movie about a dam breaking - this isn't it. porchlight entertainment turn out some good family films but this time they just missed the mark.killer flood: the day the damn broke: 1/10: finally a movie whose title is spoiler proof. even by the low standards of disaster movies, excuse me allow me to correct myself, even by the low standards of made for tv disaster movies this is truly awful. where do i begin? <br /><br />the dam modeler may have once seen a photo of a dam but i doubt it. most dams, especially large ones that generate electricity have oh i don't know a power plant nearby, some sluice gates for water to run through, heck even a high tension electrical wire or two. <br /><br />the dam is also somewhat understaffed. two, count them, two employees staff the entire dam, all three shifts. and the employees were apparently imported from a clichã©d ridden world war two film, as they heroically and rather needlessly have long eulogized death scenes complete with photos of grandchildrenn floating by. heck one of them manages to get shot by the dam itself in a way that defies description. <br /><br />the special effects consist of flowing water superimposed on photo's of the town in a method that makes a sixties godzilla film look like the matrix. a three-year-old drawing with a blue crayon on the film stock would have yielded better results. since the disaster money shots are worthless how is the rest of the film? <br /><br />needless to say the script and acting follow the special effects lead. this is no diamond in the rough. this is the rough. so is it a guilty pleasure? killer flood is awful enough to generate some laughs and the film itself has that earnest incompetence that makes a good cult classic, but bad disaster films need to age like a fine wine. (avalanche, the swarm, meteor) it is also doubtful that michelle green hiding from the flood in a dumpster with a golden retriever will ever match the great henry fonda being pelted by raisins that are supposed to be killer bees. check back with me in 2024.possibly the worst movie i have ever seen. pathetic in almost every way.<br /><br />i threw the dvd straight in the bin - i didn't even think it was fair to give it to the local thrift shop.<br /><br />the effects are beyond a joke. the dam control room looks like cardboard. the water looks way out of scale with the backgrounds - nothing works.<br /><br />then there is the limp plot - about as much depth as a scooby doo cartoon.<br /><br />i couldn't wait for them all to drown.this was by far one of the worst movies sandra bullock has starred in. ben affleck should stay behind the camera and continue writing scripts. this is definitely his forte and acting is not. i actually lasted 54 minutes into this movie before i was so bored with it i felt compelled to leave the theater. it's a bore from beginning to, well 54 minutes into the film anyway. the premise of "guess what happened to me on the way to the ...." has been done over and over to death. somehow there just doesn't seem to be anything funny, or romantic about people cheating on each other. parents should be aware that this may not be a suitable film for your teenage children especially impressionable ones that may view sandra as a hero. there is a scene where the writers/producers/directors thought it would be nice to show how "acceptable" it is to smoke a joint .... while driving .... and then have no consequences at all when caught. i'm no prude, and i smoked my share when i was younger but i guarantee you i won't take my teenagers to see it and they're solid a & b students. if you want to see a good sandra bullock movie, rent "the net" or "hope floats" which i believe are two of her best works.it seems on the surface to be a romantic _planes, trains and automobiles_ but at times tried for something more, where it failed miserably. some may like the nontraditional ending, but the attempts at "deep insight" into the world of marriage flopped around not really going anywhere.<br /><br />but if you were interested by the story, the movie tried other methods to distract you. the unnecessary special effects, of which the falling rain was the most obvious, served to do nothing but annoy. the camera-work is erratic at best.<br /><br />one note of caution, however. my movie experience as a whole was less than satisfying, sitting in the first row with a group of young'uns around...this series takes a classic story and makes rubbish of it. robin is somehow mystified by an elk-man in the forest and is embroiled in all sorts of druidism and outright satanic episodes. the story is more about him avoiding the evil sheriff than helping the poor. this is barely watchable. and to top all the ridiculousness they kill robin at the end of series 2 and replace him with another actor. some people may like this show as a fantasy show but it is not a robin hood show. if you want robin fighting in king richards name against prince john and the sheriff and if you want robin feeding the poor and oppressed, watch the classic series or the newest from the bbc.there were some decent moments in this film, and a couple of times where it was pretty funny. however, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie. there was no chemistry between ben affleck and sandra bullock in this film, and i couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by. there was better chemistry between him and liv tyler in armageddon. hell, there was better chemistry between sly and sandra in demolition man.<br /><br />there were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.<br /><br />this was a poor remake of "my best friends wedding". wait until it's been out for a year and a half on video and rent it in the .49 cent bin if you've got nothing else to do on a rainy sunday afternoon, and you can't think of any better movies to rent.this is one of the worst sandra bullock movie since speed 2 but not quite that bad. i really lost it with those out of the blue not so "special effect". guys, if you're an insomniac go with your girl to see this movie. i give it three sleepies!this movie seems as if someone had a cute idea for a movie, thought of two or three funny possibilities, hired a good cast, then turned the whole thing over to a really bad screenwriter and even worse director. the director filmed a screwball romantic comedy as if it were a dark, artsy film---weird camera angles, blue filtered shots, lingering, close up looks at raindrops. steve zahn was good, as always. ben affleck was charming, sweet, almost shy; he was perfect for a romantic comedy. sandra bullock struggled along valiantly with a character who was supposed to be zany, but whose wackiness consisted of things like madly kissing a husband she hated, abandoning her child, going on carnival rides, offering to strip for money, and bumming a ride with a fellow airline passenger. the script had very few funny lines; there was no physical comedy; it was boring. it introduced potentially funny situations, then cut them off before they could develop. to top it all off, the "twist" at the end was a slap in the face to anyone expecting a fun romantic comedy. if you saw the trailer for the movie and liked it, as i did, my advice is: don't go to the movie. it will only spoil a nice trailer.ben affleck, about to be married, is shaken up by a plane accident and gets involved with one of the other passengers (sandra bullock, forcing herself to act insane). who is to blame for this inept, ugly morass? it is so badly edited, when i looked in the credits it wasn't to read the editor's name--it was to see if the person actually took the credit! rife with clichã©s, contrivances, and sandra bullock in raccoon eye-makeup, the movie doesn't even concern itself with creating chemistry between the two main characters. laughs are non-existent: the scene in the gay bar with affleck might have gotten a big laugh if it weren't so stupid (the bar patrons--a big rowdy bunch of them!--shout for affleck to strip and start digging out their cash). it's not supposed to have any significance other than getting ben to loosen up a little, but the direction of the whole scene is wrong-headed, and the outcome is unseen because the idiot editor cuts away...or was that all the film he had? it's a small moment but it's typical of this film, an amateurish piece of pop-goods that wants to be an edgy modern comedy but doesn't have any guts. it is tailor-made for the bottom shelf at your video store. * from ****this is a strong recommendation to anyone who reads this review who has never seen the film total reality, don't waste your time and money renting this poor excuse for a film. this is, without peer, the single worst movie that i have ever seen in my life. i had nightmares of this movie ever since i saw it. the acting was terrible, and any amateur film maker could make a more decent film. the film blatently rips off far superior sci-fi films, such as timecop or total recall (where the title seems to have been derived from). i'm sorry, but i just think that there is more entertainment value in watching the side of a cardboard box for two hours. if you already have seen this movie, i feel sorry for you for going through what i did.i rented this movie for about $1.50 - the most complete waste of money (and time) i have ever spent. it's lame! i couldn't believe how they could come up with something like this.<br /><br />the plot... there is no plot. everything you'd expect to happen, it does, only in a worse way. the acting was horrible. my dog could've done better. the special effects have no effect whatsoever - except inducing complete disbelief. and the cheesy lines.... i mean, why even bother? <br /><br />the only credit i can give this piece of sh*t are the opening scenes. they were actually quite pretty. and one of the reasons why i decided to rent this. the graphics shown there are probably the best and most realistic cg of the entire film.<br /><br />total reality gets 1 out of 10 for not being able to mark it lower.this film is striking only in its banality and use of cliches. sadly it was obvious throughout up until the ending. but don't be mistaken into thinking that it ended strongly. only a little unexpectedly, though nothing worth watching the thing through for.<br /><br />from the taciturn and wronged hero, to the germanic baddy, to the expendable team, the characters were entirely wooden and obvious. the two fbi agents smith and wesson (geddit?) gave some hope of humour, but that came to nothing.<br /><br />i am a big science fiction fan but it is hard to find any redeeming quality in this film. a turkey!<br /><br />there is no reason to watch this film.<br /><br />why? many reasons. first up, the acting is awful. there is hardly a line that isn't misread - but that is hardly surprising given the banality, stupidity, and repetitiveness of the dialogue the actors are asked to mouth. it is awfully written. one of the most annoying things about the script is that the writers only seem to know one way of keeping their characters talking after a certain point and that is to have them repeat the most important words of the previous character's line.<br /><br />"repeat?" <br /><br />"yes, they repeat it. for the whole movie." <br /><br />"the whole movie?" <br /><br />"yes, the whole movie." <br /><br />etc. <br /><br />in movies like this you generally know who the bad guys are and what they are after. (all the good guys usually have to do is stop the bad guys. setting up a good "mwahahaha! with x in my grasp i will rule the universe!" villain is the first stop in any cheapo sf plot) but in this turkey? - you tell me.<br /><br />as i understand it our "heros" are a bunch of mass murderers sent into the past on a dirty dozen type mission. they are sent by a fascistic totalitarian state to stop some other mass murderers from altering the course of history. the new history would not include the rise of totalitarianism, and a war that kills 30 billion people and leaves the earth a dead planet (we know all this because this movie has one of those handy long on-screen situation reports just before the action starts, telling you who is who and what is what. it's an indication of who the producers think their target audience will be, that it is narrated as well as appearing on screen - just to save the audience from taxing their brains too much by doing a lot of reading.) so just who are we supposed to be rooting for here? i guess we are asked to believe our hero undertakes some sort of journey from totalitarianism to love, peace, and understanding while shooting loads of people - but that doesn't work as an arc because we are shown he is a decent(ish) human being right at the start when he tries to rescue all the civilians aboard the rebel station.<br /><br />i guess the makers were aiming at some sort of deeper than normal complexity in this film but they just ended up with an unholy mess with more plot holes and logical inconsistencies than a dozen or so of your average crap sf movies.<br /><br />the opening credits were nice.don't buy this film for comedy value like i did, i didnt find it one bit funny, but so f****** miserable and lame it's unbelievable. i gave it to a friend for christmas which was pretty funny (on my side) i recently heard that he watched it and told me what an a**ehole i am!<br /><br />there is nothing more frustrating than watching an over-lit, over dramatic, poorly scored scene in which the camera is sat there on a tripod and doesn't move... the film work is truely pathetic, and i can only say dont watch this movie!!!!!!!!!!!as i mentioned in other comments, i became a real big fan of david bradley ever since i saw him in "american ninja 3". the guy is great doing martial arts, has some kind of charisma and is a cool looking dude on screen. sadfully, he went to the dtv department ever since his debut and has remained as one of the king of tv movies until 2001 where he apparently stopped making movies. now, one thing is watching cyborg cop or hard justice which are crappy clichã©d movies but real fun to watch (coz they're entertainingly bad if that has any sort of meaning) but another thing is watching a tasteless piece of boredom like total reality. i mean, this and crisis are the two biggest pieces of horse-dung this guy ever did. i wouldn't recommend this not even to the biggest bradly hardcore fans. if i had known this and crisis were going to be so f*****g crap, i wouldn't have spent the 3 or 4 euros they cost me. total reality is just as boring as crisis although funnily, it starts promising. a group of military prisoners in the future are given a chance to stop some kind of disaster in the past (i'm sorry, i didn't really pay much attention to this atrociousness) and they only have 24 hours to get back or something like that. if they don't, they're stranded there forever. the poor director who oversaw this, "tries" some humorous (?) clichã©s like the convicts arriving on earth and not knowing what a truck is for example (wow, hilarious...). the movie follows up with david bradley teaming up with some earth girl for the rest of the flick. this bored me so much that i had to force myself to watch it in like 3 or 4 installments to at least make use of the 4 or 5 euros it cost me. that's coz every time i tried, i fell asleep. and if you get a movie with david bradley with just one crappy 10-second fight scene in it, then that's the final touch which would contribute to you throwing it off a hundred foot cliff so as never to see it again. i wish i could meet the "director" of this pile of poo on the street and i swear to god i'd ask him back for mi 5 euros. i'd also love to meet david bradley to ask him why in god's name did he choose to star in this poor excuse for a movie. don't even bother with this film, i mean it from the bottom of my heart, not renting borrowing it and specially not buying it.i'll say it again... one of the worst films ever made and it was made by the director that made one of my most, favorite films - "excalibur". i was floored to see it got a grade of over six. this movie sucks. it looked terrible. it looked like it was shot in 18 days and boorman must've been sleeping when he directed this. arquette didn't do anything. just plain terrible, rotten, unbearable and probably the only blemish in boorman's celebrated career.<br /><br />1/10!!!!!rigoletto is verdi's masterpiece, full of drama, emotion and powerful, memorable music. the maestro must have rolled in his grave when this bawdy travesty of his work was released with its needless frontal nudity and cheap copulating and its portrayal of the naive but principalled gilda as a horny ditz. opera certainly can be adapted to cinema --- look at zeferelli's magnificent la traviata --- but when a work is as superb as rigoletto, it doesn't need cheap gimmicks. it might even have been acceptable if the dubbed in music had been good but it is a mediocre rendering of the libretto with second rate sound quality at that.publicity for this film suggests that it is shocking and sensational. well, we opera lovers see some strange sights in opera houses so we are not shocked by the duke of mantua urinating during his reprise of la donna ã¨ mobile, nor is it sensational to see gilda sing caro nome in the bath. it is just crass and boring. what stands out about this film is its lack of imagination. director corina van eijk sets the duke's palace in a seedy swimming pool. in fact, he is not the duke, he is just a character named duka, so it's difficult to see why he has lots of hangers-on and his own jester, rigoletto. rigoletto lives in a council flat that is furnished with the orange sofa and decorated in the spotted wallpaper that is de rigeur among avant-garde directors.the duke's, sorry duka's heavies ride around on motor scooters (yawn). <br /><br />concepts imposed on an opera like this can produce unexpected, and unintentional humour. what can we make of the fact that gilda has a maid, even though she lives in a council flat.? when the call goes out that monterone is being taken to prison we see him being marched out of the swimming pool by two attendants in pink shorts. one imagines that he is going to be charged with urinating in a public swimming pool.<br /><br />it was common for opera films to be lip-synced 20 years ago but there is just no excuse for it today. a dubbed opera is like soft porn. you don't believe in what is happening because the performers are not making enough effort. the actress in gilda's role does not seem to have learned her lines properly. she barely moves her lips when she is supposed to be singing. when she sings caro nome in the bath she lies back with her legs slightly parted. it is difficult to tell which orifice the sound is supposed to be emanating from. the duke, later caps this by singing while engaging in cunnilingus with maddalena, giving a new meaning to the phrase yodelling in the canyon.<br /><br />the ambiance of the sound never seems right with the orchestra sometimes sounding as though it is being played through a transistor radio. fairly slow, rumpity-tumpity tempi are preferred so that the overall effect is of a karaoke in your local pub.<br /><br />this is a film of a production by opera spanga. spanga is a village in friesland in the netherlands. they normally perform in a tent in a field. if i had been watching this performance in a tent in a field in friesland i would have been fairly indulgent. by filming this production and giving it a worldwide audience, the villagers also hold themselves open to worldwide ridicule.hi! i'm sheena, an african (yet white!) jungle tribal princess who possesses the incredible ability to transform into the cheapest, unscariest monster in the world (think 60s star trek aliens) by rolling seductively in mud! when i first found myself in this horrible position, i took the only logical action: i made myself a torn-apart jungle bikini in which to perform my badly-acted antics. i enjoy romance novels and tearing apart the occasional unimpressive african warlord. and i would be remiss if i did not mention my (white, of course) sidekick mr. cutter, an american ex-military man who seems to have fled the u.s. after his divorce. can you say "ducking alimony"? anyway, he provides the occasional distraction from my difficult life. i mean, how many idiot blonds do you know who are also an endangered species of flesh-rending monster? despite my many hardships (acting is so hard! *whine*), i haven't given up, and after much soul-searching, i have finally discovered my role in life: to terrorize insomniatic late-night television viewers who are so unfortunate as to not have cable or satellite.a very bad film, an amalgam of clichã©s and historical inaccuracies. a few examples: in an early scene soviet infantry are attacked by the germans; instead of staying in their trenches to shoot at them, they advance into open ground to fight them,contrary to all infantry tactics; kate, one of the central characters, is supposedly the daughter of a white russian and obsessed with her russianness, yet she does not speak russian; a guilt-stricken german airman attacks an anti-aircraft gun- the gun, however, does not fire shrapnel shells but scores a direct hit on his 'plane, which doesn't look much like a german 'plane of wwii. in fairness, when they could escape the preposterous plot and the consequent absurdities there are some genuinely powerful moments- the depiction of people slowly starving to death is convincingly done and moving, but these only show up the rest of it even more. a film to be avoided.well, i have been to a british university, in fact i went to the one in this very film, and it was nothing like that. this is a horrible, badly made and acted film. worst thing is, it could have been really good, if they bothered to spend more that 12p on it, in fact if it really wanted to represent true british students it should off acted like one and took out a 15 thousand pound loan. it says nothing about uni life, where was the bush diving, the tea drinking till 4am, the endless chats about group dynamics??? where was the diversity and fun? maybe i'm just being romantic, but i don't remember fresher's week being that awful, and i'm teetotal. and in the end the question still remains...a bed or a wardrobe?this is possibility the worst and most disappointing film i have ever seen. i've spent four years at two universities and know that there must be a good film to be made about the experience. this isn't it. the "acting" is god awful and the plot non-existent.<br /><br />here are a few incidents from my one year in halls of residence.<br /><br />1) a posh lad that unknowingly got off with a transvestite. 2) the best friend pairing of two girls - one with huge breasts and the other with the nickname "the brick". 3) a couple that shag too loudly. 4) the lad who gets all the girls 5) the lad from northern ireland who is very difficult to understand. 6) mcdonalds in bed 7) curry every night for a week 8) student bashing, couple of my mates ended up in hospital 9) the discarded joint that started a fire. 10) the flood 11) the lad who wakes up on his floor to find that every item of furniture has be taken from his room.<br /><br />and if i can come up with that list in 5 minutes and from real life, i'm sure a couple of script writers can do better, a lot better.<br /><br />and for a film named after a sleeper song, where is the britpop soundtrack?there are a lot of 'bad' films out there. tune in to channel 5 every night of the week and you might just be treated to a daily, shocking effort from one filmmaker or another. there are possibly films that have caused me more pain - were harder to sit through - than this, but in terms of writing, acting, direction, cinematography and the bare basics of cinema inbetweeners is a truly, truly appalling effort and should be avoided at all costs. the only laugh it gave me was in the behind the scenes documentary on the dvd, in which the film's geeky director darren fisher explains how it was his script that attracted the 'talent' to the project! never underestimate the power of self-delusion.<br /><br />darren fisher - britain's answer to edward d. wood jr.!this movie is juxtaposition of various super bad tough guy biker characters, loosely connected but with no real storyline. some of the scenes are nicely filmed. if they took the same cast and crew, and made a movie called the gent who was the coolest character in the film and came up with an interesting and continuous story maybe it could be decent. as it is, prepare for a lame series of tough guy character intros, all of whom do nothing but ride bikes around the desert all day and cause trouble while all staying never getting sunburned and keeping their hair and clothes perfect and never needing to look for a home or money, etc. there was a sort of background story about the characters pasts various people that were killed and a treasure that was probably supposed to be the plot.larry bishop, the writer/actor/director, focuses too heavily on the camera, music, and visuals. the film resorts to meaningless ramblings and vulgar monologues, which seem to have no purpose other than boring and irritating the audience. the actors experience a bumpy ride, from the film's start to finish, and are caught in one terrible smoke screen. the hell with the ride. the film is a bomb.<br /><br />the victors are presented as weathered vigilantes, who seek their own form of justice for what they see as lawlessness. they are bikers, anti-heroes, and protagonists. pistolero, played by larry bishop, is the revengeful leader of the pack. the gent (michael madsen) is trapped in his own crossfire of chaos and psychosis. <br /><br />comanche (eric balfour) is loyal, but mysterious. deuce, performed by david carradine, should have passed on the ride, and so should the ticket-buyers (if you decide to see the film, you'll be sorry, but you'll find out why). billy wings (vinnie jones) is a lewd and venomous character, completely filled with disdain.<br /><br />what puzzles me is how this film, with all of its continual ramblings and vulgarity, ever got anybody to invest in a ride that absolutely goes nowhere. ticket-buyers, take my advice: don't pay for the ride. please don't make the same mistake as the investors.<br /><br />the first fifteen minutes, or so, of the movie is confusing and unintelligible. the dialog, which rapidly turn into meaningless monologues, doesn't make any sense. the entire film is hell bent on going nowhere. poor dennis hopper is caught in the middle of a real mess. he, too, should have passed on the ride. there are decapitated heads, slashed throats, and nude females wrestling. it is clear that bishop doesn't know where he is going with the film. he gets entirely lost. but, by the end of the ride, you just won't give a damn. mama mia! stay home. and, by all means, don't take the ride. i rate this film a 1 out of 10, but this movie is so awful it deserves a zero.i would not recommend it whatsoever. it was like getting stuck in the middle row of a theater, so i couldn't leave, and watching a part porn movie (except they didn't take their clothes off - it was the body language and definitely the language). i have to say i was embarrassed. filming was very low budget, no good dialogue. yuck. actors stunk except the two best characters who got killed off (?) and they were david carradine and dennis hopper. it did smack of kill bill and that old movie with the two guys who ride the dessert on their chopppers. you know what i mean. blablabla. the filming was grainy and just a very low quality. there was nobody in that theater that liked this movie, and the people around me were younger and tattooed.this film was sheer boredom from beginning to end. ok, so i salute boorman for raising the worldwide recognition of events in burma, but that is all he achieves. about 10 minutes into the film i thought "oh no, here we go again", and i could have told you exactly what was going to occur in the next 80 minutes or so. patricia arquette was out of her depth in such a role, and her acting was wooden and unconvincing. mind you, being saddled with such an awfully conventional script, maybe boredom set in, and was such reflected on the screen. a lot of the film was just plain laughable. at one stage, arquette's elderly companion is shot, and he is prostrate on the ground. in the next scene, he is sprinting through the forest, obviously attempting to break the world 100 meters record! - or maybe he's just trying to run away from boorman!!. if you find it hard to sleep one night then play beyond rangoon on your vcr and you'll be snoring in no time. i very rarely critisize a film as heavily as this, but in this case it is completely justified.once upon a time quentin tarantino was a relatively successful filmmaker.<br /><br />now, unfortunately, he not only makes terrible films, but puts his names to ones like this.<br /><br />a supposedly cool retro flashback to biker movies of the 60s and 70s, this plumbs new depths.<br /><br />believe you me, i enjoy it when a blouse falls off in a film more than the next man but even i felt kind of sleazy watching this. to use a word i never thought i would, its msysoginistic (you see, i can't even spell it.) the plot (in the vaguest sense of the term) is as incomprehensible as vinnie jones' accent, the fact his terrible acting does not stand our particularly is as damning a testament as one can think of.<br /><br />this is just terrible. shocking. it almost made me cry. in horror.this is my first "awful" rating ever on imdb and i couldn't think of a more deserving film to honor it with. i hoped for entertaining trash and found trash of the saddest, dullest kind. i found a film which no one can possibly have cared a bit about, including its creator.<br /><br />"hell ride", directed, written by and starring larry "friend of qt" bishop, has a simple plot about a hidden treasure and a trio of keys, two bands of bikers and a gruesome murder in 1976 which has yet to be avenged. larry seems fiercely determined not to tell this story, focusing instead of putting his swaying, strangely grimacing main character into situations where he can fondle women who pretend to like it. he also has a dialog containing enough horrible fire puns/metaphors to put one off the word "fire" for life.<br /><br />dennis hopper escapes complete humiliation, others are not so lucky. sometimes they hit the road on their bikes, making one feel even more sorry for michael madsen, since his high handles seems to add insult to the injury of having to appear in this film. there is plenty of silicon-enhanced nudity, but fairly little action and no humor whatsoever, making one wonder just what kind of an audience they had in mind.<br /><br />my guess is that most people who watch this film, including fans of trashy 60s biker movies, will feel cheated. do yourself a favor and revisit the real stuff instead.this film oh my god this film is so poor , i'm amazed i managed to watch it all ..<br /><br />first off id like to say that vinny jones should only play a london thug period that's it end of story ..<br /><br />pisttolero is so unconvincing its almost comedy.. banging in dennis hopper and david carradine did not save this film .. in fact i think its a total comedy and as a comedy it deserves its 1 star..<br /><br />avoid at all costs .. vinny oh my god i thought i saw it all when he played that irish tinker :p<br /><br />i think the average viewer will realize that this film is maybe just a never will be type of film.. i cant see how anybody could actually fall this crapthis movie makes "glitter" look like "schindler's list." tarantino and the weinsteins really need to consider more carefully before putting their names on a product. green-lighting a p.o.s. like this, regardless of the friendships involved, is just bad business. larry bishop needs to be kept away from a movie camera at all costs. writer/director/producer/actor bishop shows that his skills are inadequate for any of those jobs. a vanity project gone south, "hell ride" allows usually good actors to chew the scenery... at least when the camera isn't centered on bishop's feeble attempts to steal every scene he's in. (which is virtually every scene!) my final three words on "hell ride" are stink, stank, stunk.this is easily one of the worst movies i've seen in a long long time (and i've recently seen starship troopers 2!!!). i could find nothing to redeem this film. the acting, which is probably the best aspect of the film, is fair at best. michael madsen hams it up in his standard character persona. denis hopper doesn't seem to know what he's supposed to be. vinnie jones accent is bizarre. one positive thing is that leonor valera looks fantastic. her acting is pretty poor but i doubt that's why shes there.<br /><br />the dialogue is truly appalling. it is quite simply rubbish. i don't know who signed off on this but they really need to get professional help next time round.<br /><br />this film is the reason imdbs rating system should be able to include zero stars out of ten. avoid at all costs.okay, so writer/director larry bishop obviously has some important connections and knows the right people in hollywood in order to produce his own film and fill up the cast with eye-catching names. good for him! now what he really still needs is inspiration and talent in order to come up with an actually worthwhile scenario rather than the overly pretentious and wannabe convoluted crap he penned down here. "hell ride" isn't a movie; it's a hectic and hopelessly inept fan-boy endeavor to bring homage to the notorious biker-flicks of the 60's and to the recently revived grindhouse cinema formula in general. with "hell ride", larry bishop embarrassingly fails in his set-up and there are many obvious reasons for this. he hasn't got a story to tell â? or at least not a very interesting one â? but gravely tries to cover this up through numerous redundant plot twists, loads of gratuitous and very women-unfriendly sleaze, overlong and piteous dialogs aspiring to be cool and giant amounts of senseless violence. the plot looks complex but can actually be summarized in one sentence. the ancient vendetta between two rivaling biker gangs flares up again with the arrival of a new member; a boy who may or not be the long lost son of a double-crossing wench that got executed back in 1976. that's it, seriously! all the rest, going from betraying gang members over to the recruitment of old timer members over to toying with his nymphomaniac informant girl, is all completely pointless and confusing padding material. another major problem in "hell ride" is larry bishop's very own tremendous and seemingly insatiable ego. he definitely shouldn't have rewarded himself with the role of tough and relentless gang leader, as that only comes across as incredibly pretentious and narrow-minded; especially when there are so many other and more experienced stars in the movie. granted, bishop starred in a couple of genuine 60's biker exploitation movies (like "the savage seven" and "angel unchained"), but that was a long time ago and he honestly isn't any good as an actor. maybe it simply was bishop's life-long dream to play a character that always outsmarts his enemies and for which every hot babe sexually craves, and just wrote a whole screenplay around it. the veterans in the cast, like dennis hopper and michael madsen, don't really bother to leave a plausible impression and i can't say i blame them. this whole production is lame and pathetic and i can't bring myself to recommending it to anyone, regardless of many beautiful babes parade around with bare breasts and naked butts.larry bishop is 60-years old, dirty and not good-looking yet in this movie he's like a drug towards the women in their twenty's.<br /><br />a lot of movies have been claimed to be sexist but if any movie deserves that title it's this one.<br /><br />i can't even count how many boobs there were shown in this movie, probably more then hours larry bishop spend writing the script.<br /><br />the script is ridiculous, bishop and his gang argue, bike, party, have sex, kill people and the next day they argue, bike, party, have sex, kill people and the third day, well you get the idea.<br /><br />i like eric balfour and considering what he had to work with, he did pretty good as comanche.<br /><br />unfortunately this movie is about larry bishop's character pistolero who is so one-dimensional it's not even funny.<br /><br />he's also a horrible actor, and apparently he never intended to do the lead himself but everybody he asked said no so what was he to do? once he realized he was gonna do the lead himself, he probably did a re-write of the script so that he could touch up more ladies.<br /><br />although visually it's kind of good-looking, at least the biker-scenes and eric balfour isn't half-bad this movie is just a big mess.<br /><br />i hope to never see larry bishop in front of the camera again.the worse film i have every seen. like the other honest reviewers, it is just an excuse for getting naked birds with their juggs out. don't get wrong, naked women isn't a bad thing but there is another film genre for that. <br /><br />boyfriends beware. i sold this to my girlfriend as a classic bike gang fest (due to reviews) to be greeted with every other scene full of naked women gyrating about the place. slap in the chops for me.<br /><br />what makes me laugh the most is all the dogey bike dives they went to in the film were full of models with the works cosmetically - what biker bars have these? they are usually slightly haggard with tattoos and far saggier juggs! completely unrealistic.the acting is terrible, loads of pointless swearing and a complete waste of time storyline.<br /><br />did anyone check out vinnie jones's attempt at an american accent? its as embarrassing as his football skills.<br /><br />avoid like the plague. the only reason you would watch this film is if you are a young lad who cant access p@rn and have nicked it from their parents movie collection for a few pervy kicks!that's what i kept asking myself while watching this film. i mean the amount of nudity and sex was one thing but another part of the movie which gave its genre to the adult industry was its lack of storyline. really i just wanted to get up and leave during the whole movie, but i persisted. i persisted in the hope that maybe the storyline would get better, that there might be a good twist at the end. however i couldn't have been more wrong. in the end i persisted because i figured i could write a bad review for it if anything after watching it. <br /><br />i mean don't get me wrong there is nothing wrong with beautiful, sexy and vibrant women, but when the director only shows that along with a shitty story thinking it's what the viewer wants to see, it insults us all. to think we are all so shallow to only want to see burlesque from rep ratable, big movie industry players is preposterous. my advice: hire a different movie.when a movie called hell ride comes out you expect a certain amount of biker clichã©. with character names like "pistolero", "comanche" and "the gent" i braced myself for the worse and was punch in the face by just that. the dialogue, soundtrack and shooting style are standard for biker movies. dusty desert blurred from the heat as bikes coming tearing down the road while "cc rider" plays and they talk about sex and violence. yawn! the three leads were just ridiculous and unbelievable. seeing old men like bishop and madsen (in a freaking ruffled shirt) riding down a dusty strip of desert highway reminded me of two men trying desperately to relive their youth. poor eric balfour tried his best but with such poor material it got lost. even an appearance by dennis hopper in full easy rider swing, couldn't save it. and let's talk about the store bought tans shall we? many have compared this to tarantino's work. it is not even close. what makes tarantino's work so brilliant is he knows it's over the top so he just goes balls out and takes it as far over the top as possible. bishop took this film so seriously that it became nothing more than a poor copy of the exploitation genre.i am very surprised to see the good ratings for this movie.<br /><br />i watched the film 9 years ago and i still remember how angry i felt to sit in the movie theatre and to look at this mess. i am a big fan of john boorman's work. i really like his movies. so i went to "beyond rangoon" with big expectations. but i felt like watching a dumb, cheap chuck norris jungle movie with all action scenes cut out. even the soundtrack was very annoying.<br /><br />i can't believe that john boorman was the director because this movie was so badly done. i think the burmese people deserve better films to illustrate their struggle.this film is so bad it's hilarious. i watched hell ride half thinking it was a comedy, although i couldn't quite work out if they were actually taking the p*ss, or if this really was a serious attempt at making something decent. i notice it isn't listed here as a comedy so they must be serious! it's basically seems to be about a gang of pensioners who ride round on motorcycles shooting at each other and exchanging the most hilariously bad dialogue you can imagine. one scene inexplicably has two characters smashing bottles over each others heads, then showing each other 'get out of jail free' cards that they've made! also check out vinnie jones' accent, where the hell is he meant to be from?!? oh and there's a load of naked girls in it too, who for some unfathomable reason seem to want nothing more than to have none stop sex with these leathery skinned b*stards! the guy who wrote and directed it - a pee wee herman lookalike with a greeshan 2000'd beard and an orange sunbed tan - has for some reason cast himself in the lead role, maybe this is part of the joke, i don't know. actually, the more i think about it the more i'm sure this film is a p*ss take. it's produced by quentin tarantino and it's possible he's released this in humour as a bit of a laugh. it is a total rip off of tarantino's style, but just done really really badly. it is very amusing though, and i guess either way it could go down as a cult classic, either from being an amusing parody of the tarantino/rodriguez style, or something that is very very unintentionally funny. has to be seen to be believed.larry bishop directs, writes, and leads this soft core porn, plot less biker movie about nothing to do with anything. to call this one of the worst movies of 2008 is being kind to the garbage that i spent money on while in theaters. its one of the worst movies i have ever seen. i felt sorry for the girls mostly, who probably think they're in the making of a feature film, when in all reality they're making a porno. they walk on the set for four days, say some sexual lines to disgusting old men -- thirty years older than them -- then take off their cloths, and run around naked for the four days they're on set. i can only assume this was larry bishops only way to get laid. you see shot after shot directly on a girls asses. shot after shot of bishop walking up to some random chick and grabbing her most intimate parts, as if he were shaking her hand. how this crap was even funded is beyond me. why tarantino has his name on it is beyond me, but he's been slowly fading away since 1994, so i can't say i was surprised.<br /><br />after 15 minutes, you get that awful feeling that only horrible (and i mean horrible) movies give you. when you see it in theaters, the pain you feel is amplified. after 15 minutes, i wanted to cry for being so stupid, and wasting, not only my time, but my hard earned ten dollars. there isn't one redeeming quality, or one moment in the movie that creates any kind of reaction or shows any kind of inclination that these people had any idea of what they are doing. if you don't see naked women all that often, then i guess this movie would be for you. if you're eleven-years-old, you will probably like it. you can't even laugh at it, because every idiot making it was laughing about the crap they were making. the acting is awful, the writing is awful, the production is awful, and the directing is awful. it's not even worth your time renting it to see the car crash. stay away, stay very far away. you shouldn't even be reading these reviews. i shouldn't even be writing one.i have had more boring stretches of 80 minutes in my life, but none are coming to mind right now. hell ride is based on the retro cult 70s theme that tarantino brought back, and did right, in movies like pulp fiction and reservoir dogs. the problem with hell ride is, unlike pf and rd, the story is garbage and so is character development. how many movies does bishop think he can blatantly steal from? the brief case in pulp fiction, the air gun in no country, etc. etc. speaking of bishop what the hell is he doing acting in this movie? i couldn't help but laugh at those scenes where he's standing with his pelvis trusted out, desperately trying to seem like some hardened biker. nothing in this movie is believable. and why dennis hopper? did they really need the easy rider motif too? i blame larry bishop, for his horrible plot and dialogue, not to mention his failed attempt at the leading role. don't bother watching this movie, it's a waste of time.director/lead larry bishop tried way, way too hard with hell ride. the movie wants to be edgy, witty, provocative, outlandish, biting all of this, seemingly in a quentin tarantino/rob zombie style. but it's not edgy. the references seem forced. the dialog tries to be clever and fails. the humor is never funny. nice try setting a gritty tone but we'd have to care about the characters or the story for it to remotely succeed.<br /><br />what you're left with are cool harleys and pretty girls surrounding a bunch of tired, old and out of shape "bad boys" in what looks like an attempt to do a modernized sergio leone western. if this movie can make newer generations interested in 60s and 70s films, kudos for it. but on its own, it is rather boring and irrelevant. i do believe there is a place for style over substance. but this movie is not it.because that's what hell ride pretty much is. larry bishop and tarantino partying on the weinstein's money with the promise to deliver a movie sometime down the line. i'm all for fake boobage and booze as much as the next guy but did we really need the movie? really there's nothing worse than the reheated second-hand leftovers of an old trend. and i'm not even talking about 70's grindhouse cinema because hell ride has none of the raw and unpolished feel of the era it purports to pay homage to. no, this is slick and glossy mtv hollywood through and through. the old trend i'm talking about is the self-consciously pseudo-hip quirky cinematic world where tarantino meets guy ritchie and robert rodriguez. all three guys were at least talented and found success for a reason. hell ride is just a second-hand copy, fickle and uninspired, polished to the max when it should be raw, the "supercool" aspect coming off forced and silly.<br /><br />there's no reason for example why such a simple and utterly inane story has to be told in convoluted, back-and-forth in time fashion. it's just a post-tarantino quirk. there's also no reason why the dialogues have to be so mind-numbingly pointless, people flapping their gums while saying nothing: at least when travolta was talking about cheeseburgers in pulp fiction it felt fresh. dialogues here amount to little more than pseudo-macho posturing. there's also no reason why a grating rock'n'roll guitar has to twangle aimlessly over the entire movie. perhaps the lowest hell ride hits is when it tries to be quasi-existential. there's a hilarious dream/illusion scene in the desert where bishop eats peyote and sees colours. i was half-expecting an old indian to come out and offer nuggets of wisdom.<br /><br />the only saving grace of this abysmal turd is the boobage and vinnie jones' monologue about his wings tattooes (and maybe some of the desert exterior shots). lots of boobage and hot scantily clad babes. now that's something i can get behind but a movie they don't make. everything else is just an empty shell, an imitation of other infinitely more talented imitators.tarentino should be ashamed to be involved with this awful film. the acting, directing and script are all third-rate - with the entire film playing out like an excuse for writer/director/star larry bishop to get laid. the only reason it was made at all is most likely due to his association with qt. the plot of the film is pretty flimsy, and basically tries to survive on not-so-obscure references to older b-movies and some cameos from guys like david carradine, dennis hopper, and vinnie jones. each one is listless in their performance, particularly hopper who is in full-on paycheck mode at this point in his career. the saving grace, if there is one, is that the script is so laughably bad that it can be entertaining. bishop tries so hard to get that trademark tarentino banter and just fails miserably, which can be pretty humorous at times and grating at others. i'd only check this one out if you love bad movies...or if you're really into biker films.or that's what the filmmakers would like you to believe, anyway.<br /><br />this movie tries sooo hard to be cool it's ridiculous. everything, from the look of the film, the cinematography, the editing, the dialogue and the acting, is geared in super cool mode from the get go. just to make sure that no one misses how cool this film is, there's a soundtrack of really cool rock n roll tunes and a twangy western-surf-tex mex guitar playing constantly throughout the film. as a final reminder of how frickin cool this movie is, all the actors have been instructed to speak in a hoarse voice, because, as we all know, that's badass.<br /><br />the plot (if there indeed is one) seems pretty straightforward. but as someone else already pointed out, the director and star of the film, seems fiercely determined not to tell that story, instead focusing on a plethora of naked babes and dialogue that's supposed to be badass, but grows tired surprisingly quick (did they have an contest to see how many times they could cram the words "pussy" and "f*ck" and its derivatives in an 80 minute film?).<br /><br />this movie was absolutely horrible.quentin tarantino once said that to succeed in the film industry you had to make your own pulp fiction or reservoir dogs. writer/actor/director larry bishop seems to have taken that advice a little too literally with hell ride and concocted a messy homage that borrows much too heavily in its visuals, music, camera-work, and time-altering storytelling. but to properly mimic a tarantino film, one has to have a knack for constructing creative conversations; unfortunately hell ride's primary derailing element is its atrocious ramblings and vulgar monologues that only work to disgust and confuse the audience while simultaneously invoking pity for the actors just for being involved.<br /><br />the anti-hero protagonist biker gang, the victors, consists of several weathered vigilantes who bring their own brand of bloodthirsty justice to the lawless roads. the leader, pistolero (larry bishop), is hell-bent on revenge and putting out fires. the gent (michael madsen) just tries to balance his chaotic, psychotic symphony of life with putting lead into anyone who crosses his boss, and comanche (eric balfour) follows with a fierce loyalty and a mysterious past.<br /><br />on the villainous front, deuce (david carradine) is the mastermind who orchestrates from afar, though not quite far enough, and billy wings (vinnie jones) spits venom and lewd explanations for his tattoos while toting a harpoon gun and a general disdain for life. while these characters might sound interesting on paper, once they're forced to rant horrendously ill-conceived dialogue all traces of cool disappear faster than the funding should for bishop's next film.<br /><br />while hell ride is riddled with imperfections and missed opportunities, the main facet of its undoing lies in the poorly devised conversations. and because bishop's main influences are the talky films of tarantino, there are a lot of them. the first twenty minutes of the movie are nearly unintelligible and would probably make as much sense muted. by the time pistolero's main squeeze is introduced and certain phrases are overused to the point of nausea, you'll pray for both death and the ability to turn the sound off. even dennis hopper has trouble remaining cool while spouting off such goofy dialogue.<br /><br />have you ever repeated a word or phrase to yourself so many times that it just doesn't sound right or even make sense anymore? bishop starts there and then keeps the madness going until you envy the characters on screen getting their heads cut off. and when the dialogue finally takes a break, we're treated to interspersed shots of nude female oil wrestling and throats being slashed. i'm not sure what effect bishop hoped to attain, but i doubt he found it.<br /><br />hell ride wants to pay homage to quentin tarantino films, robert rodriguez films, and every movie that idolizes the violent and devil-may-care attitudes of bikers. but while its intentions may be noble, the horrendously cringe-worthy dialogue and the hyper-stylized timeline-mangling editing prevents the audience from becoming invested with the generic tough-guy characters. by the time we figure out the mystery behind the characters' motives (and it may be awhile before you even realize there's a mystery to be solved), it's just too hard to care anymore. and while everyone on screen is clearly having fun, they've entirely neglected to translate any of that entertainment to the audience.<br /><br />- joel massiedefinitely the worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life. i can't find anything positive to say about this movie (if this production is even worthy of that word). <br /><br />this production is not even the standard of a low budget porn-movie!<br /><br />my question is simply: why did someone look at the script and think "hey i'm gonna make a movie out of this"?<br /><br />at the end of the movie i wasn't even hoping that "nicole" was going to make itâ?. she was really that annoying!<br /><br />so for your own sake, do not watch this movie... unless you want to waste 85 minutes of your life...first of all, just let me say this... ghost story....hello!?!<br /><br />if any of the other people who trashed this movie from beginning to end realized this fact, their reviews would have been very different. the fact that characters kept disappearing whenever the protagonist turned back to look, should have been a dead giveaway. this movie was not billed as a ghost story when you went to rent it in the video store, not even a hint, and that is the biggest mistake that was made by the studio who marketed it. it was deliberate on their part not to market it as a ghost story in order to confuse you like the main character is confused as you try to make sense of it. the problem in this is that they lost too many viewers; the ghosts appeared "too human and real" without any of the usual telltale signs, imagery or special effects that hollywood usually uses to let you know you are now seeing a ghost...and that, is what they were trying to do. the main character does not know she is seeing ghosts and neither does the viewer. now do you get it? as long as you understand that the main character is seeing ghosts, then you'll understand the movie and not be so irritated by what is perceived as major oversights in continuity or plot flaws.<br /><br />i admit, this being said, it still was not a good movie, just not as bad a just about everyone else made it out to be. just understand, if you plan on watching this movie, everything you see, "ain't" always what what you think it is. 4 out of 10 for acting, 3 for originality, 5 for plot and 5 for scare factor, though there was some gore and spooky moments. still not a good movie, just way misunderstood.this hokey movie left me groaning after just about any exchange of dialogue or plot complication. patricia arquette, though pleasing to look at, gives a below par performance from her usual mediocrity. my friends and i have coined the phrase "beyond rangoon" to mean anything really bad. a lowpoint for boorman.under no circumstances watch this film. it is terrible for a number of reasons:<br /><br />no plot no structure no direction no acting to speak of no visual style no tension<br /><br />in a word - no.<br /><br />best thing about it the box and the fact it eventually ends. who would have thought 85mins could feel so long.<br /><br />once again: under no circumstances watch this film. it is terrible.<br /><br />no plot no structure no direction no acting to speak of no visual style no tension<br /><br />in a word - no.<br /><br />best thing about it the box and the fact it eventually ends. who would have thought 85mins could feel so long.continuing in the string of "stalker/slasher" flicks in the vein of "wolf creek," "hostel," "joy ride," etc., comes "rest stop." the most unoriginal and useless one of them all.<br /><br />we start, reasonably promising, with the violent death of a pretty young girl in a filthy restroom.<br /><br />this is where our interest is lost. we, then, move to the clichã© road trip couple, on their way to la with their eyes on acting stardom. . . which, doing movies like this, they'll never achieve.<br /><br />from the sexual romp in the park, the couple drives, arguing all the way, to a deserted and disgusting rest area for the girl to use the bathroom. harmless enough until she exits and finds her boyfriend missing and realizes she's being stalked by a lame version of "joy ride"'s rusty nail. . . only driving around in mater from "cars".<br /><br />honestly, if this had been directed/written/produced/acted by anyone else, it might've been fairly good. but no.<br /><br />because then comes the ghost story. yup. . . you guessed it. plenty of "oh, i'll help you, but wait, you're dead" to "wait is this stalker a person, monster, or ghost?".<br /><br />but wait? who comes to the rescue to save the girl's life and possibly the movie? that one lawerence brother. excellent. we're saved. (sarcasm) oh wait, no we're not.<br /><br />you know. . . if you want to laugh off a pretty bad, or if you get free rentals like i do, give it a try.<br /><br />if anything, you'll learn how not to make a movie.<br /><br />-ap3-obviously raw feed video is smarter than all of us who wasted our money renting this flick! they will make millions from video rentals and their low budget investment is going to pay off big, which will finance "rest stop ii" (unfortunately). i figure they spent a maximum of a few hundred thousand dollars american to hire the actors, rent the rest stop locale and burn a truck and drag a motorcycle along behind the truck for a bit plus pay for the technical stuff. that's it. we should all be as smart as these guys, i won't knock them for having the genius to promote a stinker into good monetary returns. premise of the movie was good, and it could have been a really adequate horror movie, but it failed by not delivering a clear story line. i am always looking for a gem from the upstart film companies, but i didn't find it here and neither will you. i'm only sorry i wasted $3.99 plus tax to find out.seriously, folks...i was getting ready to actually write the razzie council and recommend this movie as razzie champ for 2007...until i got on imdb.com and realized its copyright date was 2006 and not 2007. seriously, though, this movie could have easily been a razzie champ. this movie sucked! how in the world this piece of crap was overlooked even for a razzie nomination in 2006 is beyond me, because it easily could have competed with basically, it stinks, too for the 2006 razzie championship.<br /><br />i rented this movie on the recommendation of a female neighbor of mine who told me, "oh my god, after seeing this movie, it's going to be a long, long time before i ever stop at a rest stop ever again!" i couldn't believe how not scary and awful this movie was! possible spoilers below, not that you'll be missing out on anything.<br /><br />ok, first of all...the problem...the rest stop itself. obviously the director of this piece of crap doesn't know the first thing about women. the toilets in that rest stop were on the same level as the one in the movie trainspotting. i don't claim to know everything there is to know about women, but one thing i do know is that women, for the most part, are total and complete hygiene/neat freaks. given the choice between taking a crap on either of those toilets and possibly catching something or squatting in the woods, a woman is going to opt for squatting in the woods. i know, because i've gone camping with them before, and they have no problem squatting in the woods. so right there...major plot hole and untruth.<br /><br />second of all...she comes out of the rest stop, and her boyfriend who drove the car is nowhere to be found, not him nor his car. he just left. she starts screaming his name, wondering where he is. ummm...hello? you're standing on wet mud...did it ever occur to you to look down for some tire tracks? i mean, his car is gone...it didn't just get up and fly away. and actually, that makes me think...i actually was looking down at her feet, and there weren't any tread marks in the mud. how...exactly...did that happen?<br /><br />third...the bible thumping mobile home family with the freak midget in the back taking polaroid pictures...wtf!?!?!?? they made absolutely no sense at all, and it's as if the director just threw them in to be weird for the sake of being weird. they made no sense at all and had no place even being in the movie.<br /><br />fourth...oh my god, this...i mean, finally...near the end of the movie...she finally sees the escape hatch on the ceiling inside the rest stop. i'm like, "you...dumb...bi**h. you've been locked up in this rest stop for all this time...and you just..now...see...the escape hatch on the ceiling?" i mean...it's like they threw that in just because the killer tossed gasoline on the floor through the window and was getting ready to light a match. so she needs to get to higher ground to avoid being burned, and...oh, look! a perfect reason for her to get to higher ground! an escape hatch on the ceiling! it's like...why didn't she go through that before? most people in that situation would have seen that from the moment they were locked in that rest stop and gotten the f**k out of dodge. when they showed that escape hatch at the end of the movie, i was like, "you have got to be kidding me."<br /><br />fifth...what was the deal with all the of people she encountered continuing to just disappear? the girl in the broom closet in the rest stop? the dumb cop? her at the end of the movie when she ended up in the broom closet herself? it was never explained. personally, when they did this, i thought to myself, "oh, christ on a cracker, it's her. she's the killer. wonderful. she killed all of those people, doesn't remember doing it, and the writers of this movie just ripped off a certain french horror flick that i can't mention on imdb.com or i'll be blacklisted for giving away the ending (that movie sucked, by the way, too, people)." but it wasn't. she wasn't the killer, and the whole deal with the dead people disappearing was never, ever explained. oh, for the love of god, people, stay away from this movie! this movie sucked balls, and i have now got a serious bone to pick with my neighbor. it's on the 2 for $1 rack at family video, don't even rent it if someone gives it to you for free!i have seen a lot of movies. in fact i love b horror movies, they are one of my favorite genres. however this "garbage" (i refuse to acknowledge that this was given the honor of film) was the worst piece of crap i have ever had the torture of watching. i actually signed up on imdb purely for the fact that i needed a way to at least voice how awful this "garbage" was. i have watched "films" (they at least deserve the honor) done in basements by high school students that were better written and directed. i have nothing but pity for the poor actors in this "garbage" because they were just trying to earn a pay check. they will now and forever have this stain on their records like a virgin who was raped and given herpes! if writer/director john shiban has any dignity left at all, after obviously fellating countless people to get this made, he should never allow himself near a camera again and try applying his so called "gifts" to something more suited for him....like mopping the floor of a peep show!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!the only good thing about this movie is, that i now have a movie on the worst ever list. rest stop being on the end of the spectrum where i can compare all terrible movies to. really, this movie is the worst plot, worst directed, throughout the whole movie all i wanted to do is pull out my hair and kick the writer's and anybody who made this movie possible's ass. i am a deployed soldier, and when i spend my precious downtime watching movies like this. these people should feel terrible, they had to of watch this before it came out, and must have been to freaking lazy to redo , after they noticed it freaking sucked. i am so amazed that this great country of ours is letting them make another. honestly, this is the first time i have ever commented on a movie, i had to let the world know, not to waste their time. delete this movie from the face of this planet. it makes us humans look retarded.i cant put it any simpler than that, this is a terrible film. i've worked in the industry and made several (short) films myself, so okay my standard is pretty high but seriously, i absolutely hate this film. i haven't made a comment on imdb before but i hated this film so much i literally had to come and warn others. it is a piece of sh*t. the writer/director is an idiot who just has no idea how to make/write a good film and has the writing skills of an adolescent teenager. the characters are unrealistic (the lead woman doesn't think of taking the policeman's pistol yet is resourceful enough to improvise a molotov cocktail? please...) and not even likable, hell i hated her and cheered when she died. i don't understand what the director was trying to do with his demon redneck idea, but it just looked like sloppy writing and convenient bullsh*t with no real thought behind it to me. this is officially the worst movie i've seen all year. congratulations shiban, you now rank up there with such greats as micheal bay in the prestigious "shouldnt be allowed to waste millions of dollars on making a film" club. i hope you read this, i really do. and to the 163 idiots that rated this film 10 out of 10 bwahhahahahah oh my god i hope a redneck demon appears conveniently behind you and tortures you.spoiler wolfcreek meets texas chainsaw massacre....if you've seen those, don't waste your time with this one. typical slasher movie, nothing new here except for the spoiler "visions" which just add fluff to an already weak plot. i would recommend this movie if you have absolutely nothing to watch and it's either see this movie or stare at a bare wall for 1.5 hrs. the only semi-interesting part spoiler is when the chick starts drinking in the empty sheriff's office, i say it's interesting because at least she made good use of that liquor instead of stereotypically using it to start a fire to kill the bad guy, although she did go that route towards the end. all in all, lame, bad, and not worth effort.this movie has to rank with "welcome to the jungle" and "the hitcher" and "dream catcher" for sheer god-awfulness. you've got the most irritating heroine in gore history who spends most of her time sobbing and wailing and shrieking--all the time in the most horrendous rest stop toilet ever put on film. why she spends so much time in this ghastly bathroom from hell is never explained. even when the usual killer truck driver is trying to murder her, she refuses to leave the crapper. when a motorcycle cop comes to her rescue, the killer truck driver runs over the cop's legs while the heroine just looks on. instead of grabbing his gun for protection, she drags the poor slob into the crapper and locks the door. then the cop orders her to blow his brains out because of the pain. she does so--while wailing and sobbing and keening--and blows the back of his head off. then--the cop, still alive, beg her to shoot him again because he's still in pain. he says this while the entire back of his head is all over the floor. the sobbing, wailing heroine shoots him again. the movie goes on and on like this, none of it making any sense. the heroine is so dislikable you really want the killer to off her early on. i saw this flick on the sci-fi channel so it didn't cost me anything to watch, but still i did watch, out of sheer fascination as to how a movie could end up so terribly bad.this movie is not a horror movie. there is nothing scary about it it's more of a torture flick. and it doesn't make sense to me, there is a few scene's with disappearing bodies. for instance he woman in the beginning of the movie. that get pulled away returns for a scene in the restroom with nicole and she and she completely disappears. then she kills the police officer to put him out of his misery and he disappears plus had to shoot him in the head twice to kill him i don't think so especially when you can see his head half blown off and didn't kill him? the at the end she sets the killer's truck on fire. that but he's not in it. he is standing behind her. then it cuts to the rest stop has been completely remodeled and some people are at the rest area and a new girl comes in and nicole in asking for help like the first girl totally no sense in this movie. save yourself some money and skip this movie.american tourist on package tour in asia suffering recent bereavement decides to break law by: 1 ignoring curfew; 2 joining revolutionary army; 3 possessing and using illegal firearm...... etc etc what is meant to be a political and educational statement about the so called atrocities of a military dictatorship in asia ends up as a "how to" travel guide for disillusioned americans....especially those who wish to protest that the water in the hotel does not work.... regrettably the authors of this silly yarn have no clue about asia...nor it seems in writing sensible dialogue... example:...our human-rights heroine searching desperately for medicine in the furthest outreaches of the asian jungle miles from anywhere comes across a peasant and asks: "excuse me-does this town have a pharmacy?"...well....those who know something about the asian jungle will appreciate how ludicrous that scenario really is.... mind you i was recently in the thai jungle and an american asked me.... "excuse me....do you know where is macdonalds?" this movie is meant to be a serious drama but ends up as a parody and rip-off of all those "killing fields" type of films designed to confirm tha asian stereotype held by much of western "civilization" and re-inforced by hollywood fantasies such as this..... the basic message of this picture is: "we americans...coming from the worlds only true democracy have a divine right to go to all other nations...and put right their wrongs.....screw-up their environment....and teach them about freedom....." (see for example the beach......at least leo did it with a bit more style)....of course vietnam is another story.... and.....the educated asian may well ask why the yankie gungh-ho attitude about asia should come from a nation whose main contribution to humanity has been helping to spread cancer... aids.. gun carrying kiddies and jerry springer......et al.. at the end of this picture the cynical viewer may well be cheering for the burmese military..... 3 out of 10.<br /><br />i only comment on really very good films and on utter rubbish. my aim is to help people who want to see great films to spend their time - and money - wisely.<br /><br />i also want to stop people wasting their time on garbage, and want to publicize the fact that the director/producer of these garbage films can't get away with it for very long. we will find out who you are and will vote with out feet - and wallets.<br /><br />this film clearly falls into the garbage category.<br /><br />the director and writer is john shiban. it's always a bad sign when the writer is also the director. maybe he wants two pay cheques. he shouldn't get any. so remember the name - john shiban. and if you see anything else by him, forget it.<br /><br />i won't say anything about the plot - others have already. i am a little worried by how much the director likes to zoom in to the poor girl's face when she is crying and screaming. these long duration shots are a little worrying and may say something about the state of mind of mr. shiban. maybe he should get psychiatric help.<br /><br />enough already. it's crap - don't waste your time on it.there are movies that are so bad, they're good. then there's movies like rest stop that should just never have been made because they are just plain dreadful.<br /><br />bad acting, unlikable characters, predictable plot and a supposedly supernatural twist that adds nothing to the story are all key failures. some half decent special effects are about the only thing worthy of note. <br /><br />i can't even bring myself to write a plot outline because all i really want to do here is warn you not to waste your time and money on this movie. do yourself a favour and don't even bother with this film at all. it's 1.5 hours of your life that you will never get back. <br /><br />1/10as horror films go, "rest stop", could have been better in many levels. director/writer john shiban shows he probably had the best intentions when he started it. unfortunately, either he was not sure as to what to do with the material, or maybe, he was under pressure to deliver a different movie from what he intended, either by the studio, or the backers. several endings have been included in the dvd, but unfortunately, the one chosen for the finished product is probably not the best.<br /><br />the idea of a psycho roaming the back roads of a remote part of california presents many possibilities at first. after the disappearance of jess in the spooky rest stop, things get out of hand. poor nicole is left alone to fend for herself all the weirdos she finds along the way.<br /><br />it was clear when one started to hear "amazing grace" in the background that there were forces trying to avenge the ways in which nicole an jess desecrate their neck of the woods by engaging in careless sex that is not well appreciated by the natives.<br /><br />watch it at your own risk. there's a lot of gore for the aficionados of the genre.a young couple decides to runaway to sunny california. they never reach their destination as they decide to pull over at the rest stop.<br /><br />after a fight with her boyfriend, nicole carrow insists on pulling in to a rest stop. when she is ready to leave, she exits the bathroom to find her boyfriend has disappeared with their car, leaving her trapped on the back roads of texas with only an abandoned camper van to keep her company.<br /><br />rest stop is one of those cheap and tacky horror movies that could become a cult classic. will rest stop become a cult classic you may ask? well the three elements that you need to become a cult classic are gore, sex and artistic merit. rest stop has bucket loads of gore, and while i do not want to give too much away, it contains oodles of blood-soaked nastiness. this movie has everything from the bad guy running over a cop's legs with his car several times to him making use of a pneumatic drill on a girl's leg. at times, it can be about as bloody as a film can get. it also has a gratuitous and yet somehow quite intimate love scene in the opening minutes of the film. therefore, the sex is covered. now the hard one â? does it have any artistic merit? you never get to see the bad guy's face â? you see glimpses, profiles, shadowy silhouettes. he is a faceless, relentless, monster, which alone scores highly on the artistic merit scale. the movie has very few characters in it apart from the main protagonist â? nicole carrow (jaimie alexander). since she spends a large part of the film on her own, she cannot reveal her thoughts in the course of a conversation, but must speak them aloud so that we, the audience, know what she is thinking. at times, this can be slightly irritating; however, it is a brave step by the writer (john shiban) and it does work for the majority of the film. as an audience knows, being completely alone and isolated from civilisation is frightening enough even when you are not being chased by psychotic killers.<br /><br />so, will rest stop become a cult classic? it probably will because along the gore, sex and arguable artistic merit, it also has plenty of chills, an interesting and inventive plot and gives rise to a lot of shouting at the screen as the main character does plenty of things you should definitely not do when running from a psychotic killer. (what fun are horror movies if you cannot complain about the stupidity of the victims?)this movie is about a young couple running away to start a new life in la, who end up being stalked by a psycho at a deserted rest stop. actually, it's really just about the girl (nicole), since her boyfriend literally disappears within a few minutes. the movie gets going extremely fast, and early on you wonder how it could possibly stretch its story out to feature length. it isn't long before you realize that the movie does this by simply wasting time with unnecessary scenes that go nowhere.<br /><br />the story is not only paper-thin, but unstructured, stupid, and incoherent. minutes after the disappearance of her boyfriend and car, nicole finds a mobile home at the rest stop. she sees the flashing of a camera, and knows that people are inside, but she easily gives up on trying to get their help when no one answers her door knocks. after she is informed by the killer that her boyfriend is in danger, she walks around the rest stop, doing all sorts of stupid and unnecessary things. this includes turning on a tv (and even looking amused when she thinks she's stumbled onto a porno movie, even in this dire situation), sitting around, wandering, and drinking from a bottle of liquor for hours on end. she does all this knowing that her boyfriend has been abducted, that the killer is still on the loose and stalking her, and without taking any actions to ensure her immediate safety (she doesn't bother to lock the doors or remain alert). oh yeah, she tries using a radio to call for help, but why even bother when there's a mobile home with people inside right there at the rest stop? it really seems like the script writer forgot about this important fact while writing this part of the story.<br /><br />there's no sense of entrapment or ever-present danger in this story. the heroine freely wanders in and around the various buildings at the rest stop, and the killer only drives in occasionally to scare her, before driving off again. there's nothing stopping nicole from simply taking off (even if the rest stop is a long way from anywhere else, that's better than sitting around), but she chooses to stay anyway. at one point in the movie, the main character even acknowledges that she can run off, but doesn't.<br /><br />the story doesn't go anywhere, and instead just jumps from pointless segment to pointless segment. nicole finally gets inside the mobile home, and it turns out that the inhabitants are a family of sheltered, presumably inbred or psychotic religious fanatics. they seem willfully ignorant or uncaring about the killer's actions (but there's no indication that they're connected to him in any way), and then kick nicole out after several minutes.<br /><br />in the next irrelevant segment, the main character wanders into the bathroom building. she discovers one of the killer's previous victims (a young woman named tracy), who is still alive and locked in a closet. for some strange reason, tracy starts vomiting ridiculous amounts of blood. nicole goes off to fetch a crowbar to pry open the closet door, and when she returns a minute later, both tracy and her pool of blood have disappeared without any explanation. what was the point? nicole finds a bulletin board showing many missing persons, and sees that tracy had disappeared in 1971. so, was tracy a ghost or something? the writer never bothers explaining.<br /><br />next, a cop shows up in the middle of the night to man the police office at the rest stop, which had been conveniently left unattended for the entire day so far. nicole tells him all about what's been going on, and when the killer drives up in his truck outside the office, the cop goes outside to confront him. what does the police officer do, knowing that something is seriously wrong? he goes up and calmly talks to the killer (who nicole had even pointed out to be the guy who was stalking her), and buys into the killer's lie that he was simply driving through and needed directions. seriously. the cop then talks to nicole outside, totally unaware as the pickup truck turns around and runs him over.<br /><br />the cop quickly starts telling nicole that he's a goner who's "lucky to be breathing" still, yet he strangely doesn't die for quite a while. the two of them do some more pointless talking, and the all-important fact that he has a gun is annoyingly not even mentioned for too long a time. when the two of them finally try to use the gun, nicole stupidly wastes most of her bullets blindly shooting at a door when the killer was possibly behind it. with two bullets left, the policeman tells nicole to use one to euthanize him. she fires one into his mouth, and he lays still for a few moments, with a chunk blown out of his head. then, he suddenly and inexplicably yells out "you missed!" and she has to shoot him again. completely cheap attempt at shock.<br /><br />nicole finally confronts the killerâ?and fails. the movie ends with a scene taking place not long from then, with a woman arriving at the now strangely much more active rest stop. in the bathroom building, she hears nicole crying for help in the closet (locked in like tracy was). she gets a policeman to go inside and check it, but he finds an apparently normal and clean closet. the cop leaves, thinking he's been tricked. a battered nicole is seen coming out from behind some boxes in the closet (she would have been easily spotted if the cop had spent all of 10 seconds looking), apparently too stupid to have said or done anything when the policeman was there. wow.<br /><br />this movie is apparently the first in a new line of "quality" direct-to-dvd movies, marketed as being too extreme for theaters. in reality, it's just more clichã©, b-movie garbage.this movie has got to be the biggest disappointment i've ever experienced with a film. the acting is horrific, the suspense build up minimal, and the plot overall is ridiculous. i found myself rooting for the victim to just hurry up and become a victim, because she obviously needed to be put out of her misery. anyone with rudimentary knowledge of how the world works will immediately be disgusted at the leaps we're asked to make in logic, and the so-called suspenseful buildup would be lucky to get a 3 year old to be mildly worried. i'm dismayed that a sequel is planned, because it means they'll be asking us to once again swallow a sub par plot line. if this is an example of raw feed's work, i think i'll be avoiding any and all future films by them.there's something going on in this film directed by x-files scribe john shiban that has eluded me. you get that feeling as the film moves that everything is not what it seems, yet i feel the movie fails at giving you enough to go on to truly care afterward. it's about perception. there are characters the heroine nicole(jaimie alexander)meets in the film that she talks to that up and vanish. this might seem like a spoiler, but it's something that really only inherits a wee bit of focus on the filmmakers' part. they seem to be poking fun at us as we watch curious at whether we should trust what nicole is seeing or not. it never gets a proper answer and i for one was a bit clueless at the point. there comes a time in a film when ambiguity can just be frustrating because the viewer is led on a wild goose chase that ends at a dead end with little explanation at what we just saw..it ultimately feels like an exhausting exercise instead of a thrilling psycho-drama. now there's nothing wrong with ambiguity itself, but give us something to latch onto or you will evade us. that's how i felt as i watched "rest stop." this film is supposedly about a young woman named nicole who decides to run off to california with lover jesse(joey mendicino)to make it big in hollywood. they make what is supposed to be a slight detour at a rest stop so that nicole can pee, but it descends into terror for her when she finds that her jesse is completely missing. someone in a crusty, dusty yellow truck is a nut job who seems to be causing a lot of trouble to nicole and we soon realize that he is behind jesse's disappearance when things start to occur, signs provided to her if you will, she will have to find a way out of a very difficult situation. nicole is far from any existing town and with limited resources to defend herself against a maniac who provides her with some strong evidence of how evil he can be.<br /><br />that's the easy part. when a female character comes into play, the film makes a really bizarre leap from logic as we are not sure where she ever came from, how she got there, and more importantly where she goes once nicole tries to break her free from her supposed prison in the restroom's utilities' cabinet. she meets another, a police officer in the area(joey lawrence), who might seem like her savior, but when he too is a victim of the truck driver startling things occur again that questions if he was ever actually even there to begin with. the truck driver commits torturous acts to nicole(like holing her up in the restroom and as she tries to untie a wire that the killer has wrapped around the door lock, she receives a nasty bite from him). he then sets fire to the restroom leaving her without a lasting place of refuge from the beast.<br /><br />it's the timing of the truck driver's attacks that has me listless. perhaps he just likes tormenting her, but he appropriately appears in certain situations where nicole has time to flee or prepare. it doesn't make much sense, his motives, which propel the film into an illogical idea. why does he make himself so obvious? why does he allow her to prepare? it seems, i'm going out on a limb here, that he likes having his quarry believe they can find a way of escape only to stomp that hope out when he comes up with his next grisly attack. yet, why does shiban decide to play with the viewer by having nicole experience odd meetings with people that don't exist? what is shiban and the writing team trying to say? and, to cap off the film's unhinged weirdness is a family in a rv. they play a small part in the scheme of things as religious bigots themselves, but the film doesn't do enough for the viewer to explain why they should be in this film at all.a young woman, nicole carrow (jaimie alexander), and her boyfriend, jess (joey mendicino) become targets for a deranged serial killer after stopping for a 'comfort break' at a remote road-side rest-stop.<br /><br />what might have been an effectively scary chiller in more competent hands, turns out to be a confusing, ill-considered mess under the sloppy direction of john shiban (who also wrote the screenplay). there is a good deal of juicy violence, a brief smattering of nudity, and confident performances from the cast, but the silly script leaves the viewer with so many unanswered questions one cannot help but feel disappointed.<br /><br />on the surface, the film plays out like a standard clichã©-ridden 'killer-on-the-loose' movie, but shiban (an ex-writer for the x-files) throws in some subtle supernatural elements which suggest that his aim was something else entirely: a ghost story, with the rest stop acting as home to a vengeful spectre out to punish sinners.<br /><br />by reading up on the film, checking out viewers' theories here on imdb, and watching the extras on the dvd, certain plot elements begin to make a little more sense (although, even with the advantage of extra information, there are still many questions left unanswered). in my opinion, any film that requires this much investigation to make itself (only partially) understood is not particularly a good one.i've never made one of these before, but this movie was literally so bad i had to say something about it.<br /><br />i'm all for independent film-making as the past year has seen of the worst (in my opinion) of hollywood's showings, the mainstream just seems to have lost touch with what making good films is all about. that being said movies like this really give independent film a bad reputation.<br /><br />the characters are boring and too stupid to empathize with. the direction is horrible, the plotting is horrible, the plot itself is horrible, stay away, far away. only one brief scene featuring a female's nude breasts, and even that wasn't worth a second look.<br /><br />the scariest thing about this movie is the idea of ever having to watch it again. i gave it a 2 and not a 1 simply because the actors were visible and the sound was audible - it earns one point for each of those traits.if you just want gore, and nothing but gore and torture, you've come to the right movie. if you want a at least a sliver of good acting, logic, story, consistencies, or even a good guy ending, go elsewhere.<br /><br />i couldn't help but to think to myself, "jeeeez, are those people mentally challenged?" example, after being chased around and seeing other people mutilated, the main actress meets a police officer and spills out her story to the cop with tears and everything and told him about the psychopath that drives in a yellow truck. the yellow truck pulls up and the officer just walks to it, talks to the guy and the truck drives off without any trouble. the actress comes out and says why didn't you arrest him? and then the truck runs over the police officer... after being rammed the truck stops on the road about 20 feet way just standing there while the actress tries to drag the cop away but he's too heavy. (at the time) at that time the truck backs up and runs over the cops leg twice. the truck then drives off. why didn't the actress get the gun is beyond me. (which later she shoots the cop in the head twice because the psychopath was about to burn him alive) once through the mouth, which didn't kill him (duuuumb) and twice to finish the job. *roll eyes* right after that, she turns away to escape the bathroom which was going to explode and when she climbs near the roof, she turns around and the cop isn't there anymore... ok...<br /><br />another example, the main actress meets a trapped woman in the bathroom, she spits out like a gallon of blood on the floor, covering about 1/3s of the room. (probably more) after the main actress goes outside to grab a towel, she comes back in and everything is gone. :/ they don't explain why everyone keeps disappearing either. dumb dumb dumb.<br /><br />i like horror/thriller/gore movies, but this one was just way too dumb. i lost brain cells watching this dribble and you shouldn't too.we have given this film one star for awful, however, it really depends on how you look at it. we are currently watching this on channel 5 at 3.30am, and we haven't stopped laughing, so perhaps we could give it a 10, just for the entertainment value. right from the outset, with the 'manic' thoughts of the stalker being relayed in comic fashion, we were laughing. is it me or does that chick from knott's landing look like one of the characters from the dark crystal.<br /><br />i'm not going to spoil it for you, however, you would have to be pretty stupid not to see it coming, i don't think its clever enough for double bluffs.<br /><br />this has to be the worst/best film we have ever seen, if we'd been playing the 'spot the clichã©' drinking game, then we be wasted by now.every movie i have ppv'd because leonard maltin praised it to the skies has blown chunks! every single one! when will i ever learn?<br /><br />evie is a raving old bag who thinks nothing of saying she's dying of breast cancer to get her way! laura is an insufferable medusa filled with the holy spirit (and her hubby's protã©gã©)! caught between these harpies is medusa's dumb-as-a-rock boy who has been pressed into weed-pulling servitude by the old bag!<br /><br />as i said, when will i ever learn?<br /><br />i was temporarily lifted out of my malaise when the old bag stuck her head in a sink, but, unfortunately, she did not die. i was temporarily lifted out of my malaise again when medusa got mowed down, but, unfortunately, she did not die. it should be a capital offense to torture audiences like this!<br /><br />without harry potter to kick him around, rupert grint is just a pair of big blue eyes that practically bulge out of its sockets. julie walters's scenery-chewing (especially the scene when she "plays" god) is even more shameless than her character.<br /><br />at least this harold bangs some bimbo instead of maude. for that, i am truly grateful. and if you're reading this mr. maltin, you owe me $3.99!